DEATHTRAP DUNGEON
Down in the dark, twisting labyrinth of Fang, unlnown horroE await you Devised by the devilish mind of Baron Sut(hvit, the labyrinth rs riddled with fiendish traps and blmithiEty monsters, which will test ,vou skils almost beyond the limit of endurance Comtl€ss adventulels b€fore you have takcn up the dE]leng€ of the Trial of Champions and walked through the cafled mouth of the labynnth, never tobe seen again DoYOUdareenter?
Tempted by the promis€ ofa fabulousprize andthelure of the unbeaten challenge - YOU are one of six seasoned Iighters prepared to take on the labyrinth. Only one of you may win through - the rest will perish. But which of you wilitbe?
Two dicc, a pencil and an eraser are alt you need to emba* on this thillint adEnture of sword and so.c€ry, complete wi th its elaboEte smbat system and a s.ore sh€et to record you. Sains dd losses
Many dangere lie ahead and your success is by no means certain. Powerful adversanes are rang€d against you and often your only choice is to kill oi be killedl
Other Fighting Fantasy Gamebooks published in Puflin are: The Wa ock of Firctop Mo ntain, Thz CiLonel of Chaas, The Eotest ol Doon, sta6hip Ttrueltet, city ol ni@es and Island of
For Jacques and Octaztie Gelautle
CONTENTS
HOW TO FIGHT THE CREATURES OF DEATHTRAP DUNGEON
Before embarking on your adventure, voumustfirst determine your own strengths and weaknesses You have rn your possession a sword and a backpack containing provisions ({ood and drink) for the trip. You have been preparing for your quest by lrd ininB yourself in swordplay and erercising vigorously to build up your stamina.
To see how effective your pieparations have been you must use the dice to determine your initial srrn and srlrttua scores, On pages18 r9 thete is an Ad)entwe Sheet which you may use to record the d€tails of an adventure. On it you will findboxes for recording your s<tLL and srAMrNA scores,
You are advised to either record your scores on the Adoenture Sheel in pencil, or make photocopies o{ the page to use in future adventures.
Skill, Stamina and Luck
RoJl one die. Add 5 to this number and enter this total in the sKrLL box ol the Ad:Ltenture Sheef
Roll both dice. Add 12 to the number rolled and enter this total in the srAMrNAbox.
There is also a LUCK box. Roll one die, add 6 to this number and enter this total in the LucKbox.
For reasons that will be explained below, skILL, suvrNl and tucx scores change constantly duringan adventure. You mustkeep an acclrtate record of these scores and for this reason you are advised either to w te small in the boxes or to keep an eraser handy. But never rub out your /rifidl scores. Although you may be awarded additional sKrLL, srawrr,rl and rucr points, these totals may never exceed your lrifidl scores, except on very rare occasions, when you will be instructed on a particular Page.
Your sxILt score reflects your swordsmanship and general fighting expertise; the higher the better. Your srAMrNA score reflects your general constitution, your will to survive, your determination and overallfitness; the higheryour srAMrNA score, the longer you will be able to suNive. Your LucK score indicates how naturally lucky a person you are. Luck - and magic - are facts of life in the fantasy kingdom you are about to explore.
Battles
You will often come across pages in thebook which instruct you to fight a creature of some soit. An option to flee may be given, but if not or if you choose to attack the creature anyway you must resolve the batde as described below.
First record the creature's sKrLL and srAMrNA scores in the fust vacant Monster Encounter Box on yoltt AilL)entwe Sheet The scores for each creature are given in the book each time you have an en counref.
The sequence o{ combatis then:
1 Roll both dice once for the creature. Add its s(rLL score. This total is the creature's Attack Strength.
Roll both dice once for yourself. Add the number rolled to your current sKrLL score This total is your Attack Strength.
Ifyour Attack Strength is higher than that oI the creature, you have wounded it. Proceed to step4. Ifthe creature's AttackStrength is higher than yours, it has wounded you Proceed to step 5- If both Attack Strength totals are the same, you have avoided each othe/s blows - start the next Attack Round from step l above.
You have wounded the creature, so subhact 2 points ftom its STAMTNA score. You may use your LUCK here to do additional damage (see over).
The creature has wounded you, so subtmct 2 points ftom your own srAMrNA score. Again you may use LUc( at this stage (see over).
Make the appropdate adjustments to either the ceature's or your own STAMINA scores (and your rucr score if you used tuc< see over).
Begm the next Attack Round by returnin8 to your current SKILL score and repeating stePs J. 4- 5- 6. 7. 11 1-6. This seouence continues until the srAMrNA score of either you or tlte creature you are fighting has been reduced to zero (death).
Escaping
On some pages you may be #ven the option of running away from a battle should things be goint badly for you. However, if you do mn away, th€ ceature automatically gets in one \r'ound on you (subtract 2 STAMINA points) as you flee. Such is the price of cowardice, Note that you may use LUCK on this wound in the normal way (seebelow). You may only Escape if that option is specifically given to you on the pa8e.
Fighting More Than One Creatuie
If you come across morc than one creature in a particular encounter/ the instructions on that page will tell you how to handle the battle Sometimes you will treat them as a single monster; sometimes you will fight each one in turn.
Luck
At various times during your adventure, either in battlesor when you come across situations in which you could either be lucky or unlucky (details of these are given on the pages thems€h,es), you may call on vour luck to make the outcome more favoura2 able. But beware! Using luck is a risky business and if you are rrrlucky, the rcsults could be disastrous
The procedure foi using your luck is as follows: roll two dice. lf the number rolled is eaual to or less than your current LUCK score, you have been lucky and the result will go in your favour. If the number tolled !s higher than your cullent LucK score, you have been unlucky and you will be penalized.
This procedure is known ae Testin| your Luck. Each time yo|u Test your Luck, you must subtract one point from your curent LUcr score, Thus you will soon realize that the more you rely on your luck, the more risky this will become.
Using Luck in Bdttles
On ccrtain pages of the book you will be told to Test your Luck ar\d willbe told the consequences of your being lucky or unlucky. However, in baltles, you always have the option oI using your luck either to inflict a more serious wound on a creature you have just wounded, orto minimize the effects of a wound the creature has just inflicted on you.
lf you havejust wounded the creature, you may lesf your Luck as descibed above. If you are lucky, you have rnflicted a severe wound and may subtract an extra 2 Doi^ts from the cleature's 9TAMTNA score. Howevir, if you are unlu cky, the wouncl was a mere graze and you must restore r point to the oeature's srA MrNA (i. e. instead of scoring the normal 2 points of damage, you have now scored only 1).
If the creature has just wounded you, you may Tesl ya r Luck to try to rrinimize the wound. If you are lucky, you have managed to avoid the full damage of the blorir'. Restore r point ofsraMrNA (i.e. instead of doing 2 points of damage rt has done only 1) If you are unlucky, you have lalen d more serious blow- Subtract 1 extra STAMTNA point.
Rememberthatyou must subtract 1 point ftom your own LUc( score each lime yolu. Test your Luck.
Restoring Skill/ Stamina and Luck
skiLl
Yoursrrlr score wrll not change much during your adventure- Occasionally, a pa8e may give instructions to increase ot decrease your sKrLL score. A Magic Weapon may increase your sKrLL, but remember that only one weapon can be used ata timel You cannot claim 2 9KILL bonuses for carrying two Magic Swords. You! 9(rLL score can never exceed its I'?ifi0l value unless specifically instructed. Drinking the Potion of Skill (see later) lvill restore your sI<rLL to its Irlfrdl level at any time.
Staminaand Prcoisions
Your sraMrNA score will change a lot during your adventure as you fight monste$ and undertake arduous tasks, As you near your goal, your sraM rw,a level may be dangerously low and battles may be particularly dsky, so be carefull
Your backpack contains €nough Provisions for ten meals. You may rest and eat at any time excePt when engaged in a Battle. Eahng a meal restores 4 sTAMINA points. When you eat a meal, add4 Points to your srAMrNA score and deduct 1 point from your Provisions. A separate Prcvisions Remaining box is provided on th e Adventwe Sheet Iot rccordi^g details of Provisions. Remember that you have a long way to Bo, so use your Provisions wisely!
Remember also thr L you! srAM | \A \core may ne\ ar exceed its lfirhal value unless specilically inshucted on a page. Drinking the Potion of Strength (see later) will restore your sTAMINA to its lulttdl level at any time.
Luck
Additions to your LUcx $ore are awarded through the adventure when you have been particularly lucky Details are given on the Pages of the book. Remember that, as with gKILL and sraMrNA, your LUC( SCOre may never exceed its /rllMl value unless specifically instructed o a page. Dinking the Potion of Fortune (see later) will restore your LucK to ils lnititrl level at any time, and increase your lrrlrrl LUcKby 1 point.
EQUIPMENT AND POTIONS
You u/ill start your adventure with a bare minimum of equipment, but you may find or buy other items during your travels. You are armed with a sword and are dressed in leather armour. You have a backpackto hold your Ptovisions and any treasures you may come across
In addition, you may take one bottle of a magical potion which will aid you on your quest. You may choose to takea bottle ofanyofthe following:
A Potion of Skill- restores sKrLL points
A Potion of Strength restores srAMrNA points
A Potion of Fortune restores rucK points and adds 1 to lnitirl LucK
These potions maybe takenat any time during your adventure (except when engaged in a Battle). Taking a measure of potion will restore sKrLL, s.rAMtNA or LucK scores to their lzlfr,alevel (and the Potion of Forfune will add 1 point to your rTiltal lucr score before LUcKis restored).
Each bottle of potion contains enough fot orr measure, i.e. the characteristic may be restored once during an advenfute. Make a note on your Adoenirlp Srl.ci when you ha! e used up a potion.
Remember also that you may only choose ore of the three potions to take dn your trip, so choose wisely! 
HINTS ON PLAY
There is one true way through DeathtraP Dungeon and it will take you several attempts to find it. Make notes and draw a map asyou exPlore- this maP will be invaluable in future advenfures and enable you to progress rapidly through to unexPlored sections.
Not all areas contain treasute; many merely contain traps and creatures which you will no doubtfallfoul of. There are many'wild goose chase'Passages and while you may indeed ptogress through to your ultimate destination, it is by no means certain that you will find whatyou are seatching for.
It will be realized that entnes make no sense if read in numencal order. ltis essential that you read only theentries you are instructed to read. Reading other entries will only cause confuslon and may less-en the excitement during Play.
The one true way involves a minimum of dsk and anyplayer, nomatterhowweak oninitialdicerolls, should be able to get through fairly easily.
May the luck ofthe gods go with you on the adventure ahead!
BACKGROUND
Despite its name, Fang was an ordinary small town in the northeln province ofChiangMai. Situatedol1 the banks of the Rrver Kok it made a convenient stopover for river traders and passengers tfuoughout most of the year. A few barges, rafts and sometimes even a large sailboat could usually be found moored at Fang. But all that was long ago, before the creation of the Trial of Champions. Now once a year the river is crammed with boats as people arrive from hundreds of miles around, hopinB Lo wilness the brealinSl of an ancientradition in Fang and see a vlctor in the Trial of Champions.
On r May each year, warriors and heroes come to Fang to face the test of therr lives. Survival is unlikely, yet many take the risk, for the prize is great - a purse of 1o,ooo Gold Pieces and the freedom of Chiang Mai forever. However, to become Champion is no easy task. Some yeats ago, a powerful baron of Fang called Sukumvit decided to brinA attention lo his town by creating the ultimate contest. With the help of the townspeople, he con structed a labyrinth deep in the hillside behind Fang, from which there \4'as only one exit. The labyrinth was filled with all kinds of deadly tricks and traps and loathsome monsters. Strkumvit had designed it in meticulous detail so that anybody hoping to face rts challenge would have to us; their 20 rvits as well as weaponskill. When he was finally satis6ed that all was complete, he put his labyrinth to th_e test. He picked ten of hrs finest guards and, fully armed, they marched into the labyrinth. They rvere never seen asain. The tale of the ill-fated guards soon spread ihroughoutthe land, anditwas then that Sukumvit announced the first Trial of Champions. Messengers and ne\,rs-sheets caffied his challenge - ro,ooo Gold Pieces and the freedom of Chiang Mar forever to any person surviving the perils of the labyrinth ofFang. The firstyear, seventeenbrave wardors attempted 'The Walk', as ltlater cane to be known. Not one reappeared As the vears passed ancl the Trial of Champions continued, it attracted rytore and more challengers and spectators. Fangi/prospered and would prepare itself months in :rdvance for the spectacle it hosted each May. the town would be decorated, tents erected, dining-\alls built, musicians, dancers, fire-eaters, illusionists and every sort of entertainer hired, and entries re8isteted lrom hope{ul individuals intent on making'The Walk'. The last'A/eek ofApdlfound the peopJe of Fang and its visito$ in wild celebration. Everybody sang, drank, dalced and laughed until day broke on 1 May, when the town thronged to the gates of the labvrinth to watch the first challenger of the year step forward to {ace the Trial of Champlons.
Havrng seen one of Sukumvit's challenges nailed to a tree, vou decide that this year you will attempt 'The l4'alk' For the last five vears vou have been attractedtoit, not for the rewards, but for the simple fact that nobody has ever yet emerged victorious ftom the labyrinth. You intend to make this theyear in which a Champion is crowned! Gathering up a few belongings, you set off immediately. Two days' walk takes you west to the coast, where you enter the cursed Port Blacksand. Washne no time in that city of thieves, you buyyour passage on a small boat sailing north to where the River Kok meets the sea, and ftom thereyou take a raft up-river for four days, until finally you arrive in Fang.
The Trial begins in three days'time, and the townis in an almost hysterical mood of excitemenL. You registeryour entry with the o{ficials and are given a violet scarf to lie around y our arm, informing every. one of your status. For thiee days you enjoy Fang's greatest hospitality and are treated like a demigod. During the long merriment, you almost lorget your purpose in Fang; but the evening before the Trial, the magnitude of the task ahead begins to dominate your thoughts. Later, you are taken to a special guest-house and shov,,n to your room. There is a splendid four-poster bed with satin sheets to help you rest. But there is little time le{t for sleep.
Just before dawn a trumpet call awakens you ftorn vivid dreams of flaming pits and giantblack spiders. Minutes later, there is a knock on your door, and a rnan's voice rings out saying, 'Your challenge begins soon. Please be ready to leave in ten minutes.' You climb out ofbed, walk over [o the window and open the shutters. Already people are thronging the 22 streets, moving quietly through the momingmistspectators on their way to the labyrinth no doubt, hopin8 to find good vantage points ftom which to watch the competitors. You turn away and walk over to a wooden table on which your trusty sword hes You pick it up and cut the at with a mighty sweep, wondering what beasts its sharp edge may soon have to meet. Thenvou oDen the doorinto the corridor. A small man with slanted eyes greets you with a low bow as you ernerge from your bedroom. 'Please follow me,' he says He turns to his leIt and walks quickly towards the sta s at the end of the collloor.
Leaving your Buest-house, he darts dolr'n na[o\,v allel'ways between houseF, and you have to walk quickly to ke€p up with hitr. Soon you come into a wide dirt road lined with cheerins clowds. When they see your violet scart they cfeer even louder and start showering you with flowers. The long shadows cast by the people in front of you shrink as the bright yellow sun rises higher in the mom ing sky. Standing there in ftont of the noisy and vibrant crowd, you feel shangely alone, aware of your coming ordeal. Suddenly you feel a tug on your shirt and see your small guide eagerlybeckonin8 you to follow him. Ahead you see the looming hillside and the dark mouth of a tunnel disappear ing into its inner depths. As you get closer, you notice two great stone pillars on either side of the tunnel entrance. The pillars are covered with ornate carvings: writhln8 serpents, demons, deities, each seeming to scleanr a silent warninS to those who would pass beyond them.
You see Baron Sukumvit himself standing by the entrance, wai ting to greet the contenders in the Trial of Champions. You count five others standing proudly in line, their violet scarves displayed for all to see. There are two bare-chest€d Barbarians dressed in furs. They stand completely motionless, legs strarght and slightly apart, alms thrustforward to rest on the hilts of thetu long, double-headed battleaxes. A sleek, elven woman with solden hair .tnd leline green pyes is ddiusting the cioss-belt of daggers wrapped around her leather tunic. Of the two remaining men, one is covered from head to footin iron-plate armour with a plumed hehnet and a crested shield; the other is cloaked in black robes, only his dark eyes showing b€tween the swathes of his black face-scarves. Long knives, a wire gari66 and other silent death-weapons hang from his belt. The five contendeE acknowledge your arrival with almost imperceptible nods of the head, and you turn to face the exultant crowd for the last time. Suddenly a hush falls over the crowd as Baron Sukumut steps forward holding six bamboo sticks. You draw one from his outstretched hand and read the word'Fifth'. Then the Trialbeeins.
The Knight is first He salutes the crowd before disappea ng into the tunnel, and is followed half an houllaterby the elf. Nextgoes a Barbarian and then the dark assassin. Now it is your turn to salute the crowd Holding your violet scar'{ alo{l, you take one final deep breath of cool fresh air before tuming to pass between the stone-pillared gateway into Sukumvit's coDidors of power, to face unknown pedls on 'The Walk' through the mighty baron's Deathtrap Dungeon.
NOW TURN OVER
1
The clamour of the excited spectators gadually fades behind you as vou venture deep lnto the gloom o{ the cavern tunnel.
Large crystals hang from the tunnel roof at twentymetre inteNals, radrating a solt light, just enough for you to see your way. As your eyes gradually become accustomed to the neardarkness, youbegin to see movement all around. Spiders and beetles crawlingup and dowi the chiselledwalls disappear quickly into cracks and crevices as they sense your approach; rats and mrce scurryalong the floor ahead of ,vou. Droplets o{ water drip into small pools with an eerie plopping sound which echoes down the tunnel The ail is cold, moist and dank. After walking slowly along the tunnel for about five minutes, you arive at a stone table standrng against the wall to your le{t On it there are six boxes, one of which has your name painted on its lid. If you wrsh to open the box, turn to 27o If you prefer to continue walking north, tum to 66.
2
The Scorpion manages to hold you in its pirters long enough to flick its segmented tarl forward over its head and sting yoLr with its poisonous barb. The eflect is {atal and you slump to the ground 1n the Arena of Death, wonderin8 u'hether Throm r{'il] w1n through.
3
The Gnome shakes his head and says, 'I am afraid you have failed the Trial of Charnpions. Baron Sukumvifs Deathtrap Dungeon will keep its secrets for another year, as you will notbe allowed to leave here. You are appointed my servant for the rest of your days, to prepare and modify the dungeon for future contestants. Perhaps iri another life you will succeed . . .'
4
In the total darkness you do not see the pipe's downward turn. You slip and, unable to get a grip on the slimypipe, slide over the edge. Yourscreams echo down the pipeasyou fall thefiftymehes tothe bottom. You have failed the 1 rial of Champions.
5
You crawl along the floor and find yourself in the lair of a tribe of TROGLODYTES. As you creep past them, your scabbard bangs against a rock on the floor. Test your Lrck. If you are Lucky, turn to r85 . If you are Unlucky, turn to 395.
6
Knowing that the Manticorc will fire the spikes in its tail at you, you run for cover behind one of the pillars. Before you reach it, a volley of spikes flies through the air and one of them sinks into your arm. Lose u sreurN.q points. lf you aie still alive, you 'ivaste no time and attack the Manticore with your sword before it has time to unleash more of its deadly spikes.
MANTICORE sKrLL 11 srAMrNA 11
llyou win, turn to 364.
7
Before you have time to reach a doorway, the boulder is upon you. You cry out in pain and tedor as it crushes you to the floor. Youradventure ends here.
8
The Mirror Demon grabs you by the wdst. Immediately it starts to pull you towards the mirror. Its shength is incredible, and, despite all your efforts, vou cannot prevent it from pulling Fdu relentlessly towards the mirror. When it touches the mirror, it seems to disappear straight through it. With horor vou see your own arm disappear, followed by the rest of your body. You are now in a miitor world of another dimension, from which you can never return.
9
The Hobgoblins have nothing of any use to you on them, so you decide to open the bag on the floor. Inside you find a corked earthenware jug. You uncork it and sniff fhe liquid inside. lf smells sharp and acrid. If you wish to dnnk some of the liquid, tum to 15E. If you wish to dip a piece o{ cloth in it, rurn to 375.
10
Strll mnning as fast as you can, you reach into your backpackandpullouthewoodentube. Yoriplanto lie under the surface of the water, breathing through the tube With luck, the Troglodytes will assume that you will be swept to youI death downriver as the torent disappearsinto the depths of the mountain. You seize the tube between your teeth and lower yourself into the water Holding on to one of the underwater bridge pillars, you keep perfectly still for ten minutes. When you finally think the Troglodytes have gone, you nse to the 1()-11 surface and look around. There is nobody to be seen/ so you climb out of the river and cross the bridge to the northern bank Any remaining Provisions you may have are now sodden and inedible. Cross them off your Adpenture Sheet. \ot) co li^!e to walk through the vast cavern until at lastyou see a tunnel in the far wall. You walk down it until you come to a heary wooden door, which is locked. If you have an ironkey, turn to 86. Ifyou do not have a key, tum to 276.
11
You look down and see the crumpled bodies of the Flying Guardians lying motionless on the floor. You start to p se out the idol's emerald eye with the tip of vour sword At last it comes free, arld you are surpdsed by its iveight. Hoping thatitmaybe o{ use later, you put it in your backpack. If you now wish to pdse out the ght eye, tum to 14o. If you would rather dimb down the idol, tum to 46.
12
The door opens into a large, candle lit room filled rvith the most extraordinadly lifelike statues of knights and waffiors. A white-haired old man dressed in Lattered rags suddenly jumps out from behind one oi Lhe \t"tues dnd.tarts to giggle. Though he looks like a {ool, the sparkle in his eyes nakes you think there is more to him than is apparent. In a high-pitched vorce he says, 'Oh 8ood, another stone for my garden. I'm glad you have come to join your friends Now, I'mafahmanand so I'll ask you a question. lfyou answer correctly, I'll let you go free -butilyour answer is wron8, l'll tum vou to stonel'He slarts to chuckle again, obviously pleased with your allival. Will you:
Wait for his question?
Attack him with youl sword?
Make a run for the door?
Turn to j82
Tum to 195
Turn to 25o
13
The tunnel makes a sudden turn to the left and heads north for as far as you can see. The footp nts vou are following start to peter out as the tunnel becomes gradually dder. Soon you are beyond the drippingroof and the pools on the floor. You notice the atu becoming hotter and you find youNelfpant in8 even though you are walkin8 quite slowly. In a small recess on the left-hand wall you see a section of bamboo standing on 1ts end. Li{tingit down, you see it is filled wlth a clear liquid. Your throat is
14
The tunnel leads into a dark chamber coveled in thick cobwebs. Clawing your wa-Y through them, vou t p over a wooden casket. lf youwishtotryto open tire casket, tum to 157. If you would mther continue north, turn to 31o.
15
good fortune, you set off west once again Tum to 74.
16
ou iu't have lime to hedr the Cnome sdy, 'Thrce 'lullc' before a rvhite boll o( energy shoots out from the lock into your chest, knocking you unconscious Roll one die, add 1 to the number and reduce your srAMrNAby the total. lfyou are still alive, you come to and are t;ld by theGnome to try again. Youchose the wrong gems last time, so you won't try that combination again.
ABc
Emerald Diamond Sapphire Tum to 16
Diamond Sapphire Emerald Turn to 392
Sapphire Emerald Dlamond Tutn to 177
Emerald Sapphire Diamond Turn to 287
Diamond Emerald Sapphire Tutn to 132
Sapphire Diamond Emenld Tum to 249
17
You are not shong enough to force open the heavy door. The water is now waist-high ajrd you are
18
Luckily for you, the cobra's fangs sink into you! leathe! wristband. The snake recoils quickly, ready to strike again, as the Dwarf tells you to have another try. Roll two dice. If the total is the same as or less than your S(ILL. tuln to 55. If the total is gleate! than your 9(rLL, turn to 2o2.
19
You cannot resisL the Medusa's beguiling gaze as she looks into your eyes. You feel your limbs begin to stiffen and you panic helplessly as you turn to stone. Your adventure ends here.
20
Or y your incedible strenSth could withstand the poisonous spider's bite. However, you are rveakened and you notice your hand trembling as you pocket the Gold Piece. Reduce your srrn by r point. You curse the person who dropped thebackpack and set offnorth again. Turn to 279.
21
The wound has had no effect on the Bloodbeast, and it continues to attack you as furiously as before. Conhnue yourcombat and as soon as youwinyour nex t Attack Round, ?es tlour Luck. If you, arc Lucky , turn to 97. Ifyou are Unlucky, tum to 116.
22
lthough you are slightly uneasy in each othe/s company, knowing that there can only be one winner in the T al of Champlons, you are both content to 'hare in the benefits ut d tempurdry allian(c Y;u begin to tell each other ofyour exploits so Iar, ofthe monsters and traps encountered and the dangers overcome. Walkrng along, you soon come [o the edge ofa wide pit lt is too deep and dark to see the bottom. The Barbarian offers to lowe! you to the bottom with his rope, saying he has a torch which he can light for you to use Willyou:
Accept the Barbadan's offer? Turn to 63
Offer to lower him down if he is so ea8er to investigate the pit? Turn to 184
SuBgest that you both jump over the pit instead? Turn to 311
23
The paper bears a simple waming written in dried blood: 'Beware the TriaLnasters' You replace the paper on its nail and run back down the tunnel to rejoin the Barbarlan Turn to 154.
24
Set back in an arched alcove in the tunnel wall you see an ornate wooden charr carved jn the shape o{ a demon like bird of prey. If you wish to sjt in the chair, tuin to 324. If you would raiher keep going north, tum to 188.
25
Although the tempeiature in the tunnel is higher than you could normally tolerate, the liquid from the bamboo pipe keeps you alive Turn to 197.
26
The pill makes you feel dull and lethargic. Lose two 5(ILL points. The Dwarf tells you that you can now progress to the second stage o{ the test He reaches for a wickerbasketand tells vou that there is a snake inside 1t He tips up the basket and the snake drbps onto the floor; it rs a cobra andit rears up into the air ready to st ke. The Dwa#says hewants to testyour reactions. You must grasp the cobra bare-handed below its head, avoiding its deadly fangs You crouch down on the floor, tensrng yourself for the moment at which to seize it Roll two d1ce. If the total is the same as or less than your sKrLL, fuin to 55.Ifthe totalis greater thanyoursKrLL, turn to2o2
27
You step up to the frightened man and cleave the chain with your sword He drops to h1s knees and bows, thanking you over and over again. He tells you that four years ago he entered the Trial o{ Championsbut failed. He fell down a pitand had to be rescued by a T almaster, one of Baron Sukumvit's dungeon administrators. He lvas offered a choice between death or servitude in Deathtrap Dungeon as the Trialmaster's mrnion. Choosing the latLer, he worked Jike a slave until he could stand it no longer and tried tb escape Alas, he was unsuccessful and was captured by the Trialmaste/s wandering Orc guards. To teach him a lesson, they cut off his hand and condemned him to a year's imprisonment in this cell. You ask him whether he has anyinformation thatmightbe of use to you. He scratches his head 'Well, I haven't exactly done very well in here myselt'he says, 'but I do know that you need to collect gems and precious stones if you hope to get out. I don't know why, but there it is.' Without anothei word, the ragged pdsoner dashes out of the room, tuming left into the tunnel. You decide to keep heading north and tum right into the tunnel. Turn to 78.
28
The Dwarf 's chainmail coatis of finest quality iron, obviously made by a master armourer. You st p it frorn his body and place it over your head. Add r s(rLL point There is nothinfi else of use to you in the chamber, so you decide to investigate the new funnel. Turn to 213.
29
The tunnel leads north for some distance before coming to a dead end. The mouth of a chute protrudes from the tunnel's easternwall. lt seems to be the only way out- You decide to risk it and climb into the chute. You slide gently down and come out in a room, landing on yourback. Turn to 90
30
Taking a step forward, you leap towards the far edge of the pit Test laur Luck.It yo1r are Lucky, tum to 160. If you are Unlucky, tum to 319.
31
Ihe Gnome smiles and says,'Good Now, haveyou a sapphire in youl possession?' lf you cto have a sapphire, turn to 376. if you do not, turn to j.
32
You soon come to another junction in the tunnel One branch leads east, but the wet footprints you have been following continue north and you decide to follow their tuail Turn to 37.
33
It was a mistake to reach into the hole with )tour sword an-n. It is covered with round sucker marks and feels as if it has been crushed Lose 3 srtrr points. You peer into the hole and see the bleeding teRtacle stump hanging limply. You carefully pull out the grappling iron and leather pouch, rn which you find a tiny brass bell You pack away your new Possessions and head north. Turn to 292.
34
You hy to force the point of your sword under the emerald eye. Much to your surprise, the emerald shatters on contact, releasing a jet ofpoisonous gas straight into your face. The gas knocks you out and vou release the rope, bounce down the idol and crash on to the stone floor. Your advenfurc ends nere.
35
The funnel continues west for several hundred metres, finally ending at some steps leading up to a closed tmpdoor. You climb the steps slowly, hearing muffled voices above you. In the dim light you can see that the trapdooris not locked. Ifyou wishto knock on the kapdoor, turn to 333. If you wish to burst through the trapdoorwithyouI sword dEwn, rurn rc 124.
36
You run faster than you have ever run in your life before, but still th€ boulder is catching up on you. Roll two dice- If the total is the same as or less than both your srrl-I- and srAMrNA scores, tum to 34o. lf the total is greater than either your sKrLL or STAMINA SCOteS/ turn tO 7.
37
The passage opens out into a wide cavem which ls darker but much d er. Ahead you see the footprints gradually fade, then disappear. There is a large idol in the centre of the cavern, standing approximately six metres high. It has rewelled eyes, each as big as vour fist. There are two giant stuffed bird-like crea tures standing on either side of the idol. lfyou lvrsh to climb the idolto take the jewels, turn to 351. lfyou rvish to walkthrough the cavem to the tunnelinthe opposite wall, tum to 239.
38
The man stands by silently while you Bulp the water and wolf down the bread. A sharp pain Brips your stomach and you fall to your knees The old man looks at you scornfully and says, 'Well if you will eat poisoned food, what do you expect?' Lose I sTAMINA points. He shu{fles o{f, leaving you lvrithing in pain on the floor. lf you are slill alive, you eventually regain enouSh of your strength to continue west. Turn to 1o9.
39
You manage to evade the outstretched legs of the drvin8 Giant Fly. Stepping back, vou draw your sword and prepare to fr8ht the hideous insect as it turns to attackyou again.
CIANT FLY SKLLL 7 STAMiNA 8
lJ you win, turn to 111. You may Escape by running back mto the tunnel to head north. Turn to 252
40
You callout to the Dwarf thatyou are ready to fight the MINOTAUR. The wooden door dses slowlv and you see the fears.rme beast, half ma n, l.ralf buli, step into lhe arena. Stealn blows from its nostdls as it works itself up into a rage, ready to attack. Suddenly ,rt rushes forward, swinginq it. double
MIN-OTAUR sKrLL 9 STAMINA 9 
If you win, turn to 163.
41
You rvalk slorulv over to the alcove, carefully check ing the floor {or any more hidden traps. You see that ihe goblet contains a sparkling red liquid. Will you:
D nk the red Lquid? Turn to 98
Leave the goblet and walk back to search the Barbarian (if you have not done so aiready)? Turn to 125
Leave the chamber to continue west? Tum to E3
42
The cobra's fangs sink deep into your wrist and you feel its poison starting to creep through your borly. Lose 5 srAMrNA points. lf you are still alive, the Dwarf has no mercy but tells you to try again. Roll two dice. If the tot;l is the sa;e as or lessihan your sKrLL/ turn to 55 If the total is greater than vour S(ILL, furn to 2o2
43
The tunnel turns sharplv to the dght and continues lorth for as faras you can see. There is a doorin the .. lr-hr nd wall vl hich is ajar. \ ou hear strrrrcune rry :.r help from the other )rdc of lhe dour. lt yuu wish :iJ open it, tum to 2oo. Ifyou would rather continue ]1orth, tum to 316.
44
45
The razor-sharp disc thuds into your back with ternble effect. Lose r sxrn pcrint and 4 srAMrNA ooini'i. Tf ) oLr dre still ali\ e. you 5lruggle lo pull the .1rsc Irum vour bacl ds t he \inia throw,i yel another one at you. Turn to 312.
46
Yotr lower yourself carefully dor,r'n the idol and, wasting no mote time in the cavern, run torward to ihe tunnel in the northern wall, Turn to 239.
47
Have you got a hollow wooden tube? If you have, turn to 10. Ifyou have not, turn to 335.
48
Only your immense strength a4d grim determina, fion keep you from falling unconscious to the floor. You Brit your teeth and press on resolutely. Turn to 497.
49
You peep round the corner and see two small creatures running away from you. Both are dressed in baggy clothes and wear pointed floppy hats They are mischievous LEPRECHAUNS. II you wish to follow them, turn to 2o5. If you would rather walk back to the lastjunction to head north, turn to 241.
50
You wake to find Throm pulling the ring off your fin8er. He puts it on the floor and ctushes it with the head of his battleaxe. Then, grunting to show his disapproval ofyou, he strides off east. You stand up stowly and stagger off after him. Tum to 221.
51
The Hbbgoblins are unprepated foryourattack, and you are able to kill.the first one belore he can draw his sword. You turn to face the remaining Hobgoblin, who snarls atyou with hatred.
HOBGOBLIN sKrLL 6 STAMINA 5
Ifyou win, turn to 9.
52
As you open the book, it be8ins to disintegrate and the pages turn to dust in youl hands You manage to keep a few ftagments and read the handwritten script. The book appears to be about monsters, and ftom what you can make out it contalns a lull descriotion of a monster called the Bloodbeast. Itis a ho ificbloated creature with tough, sPiny skin and facial blisters which burst open to become mock eyes, evolved to hide the Bloodbeast's only weak spot - its real eyes. Bloodbeasts usually dwell in pools of fetid slime which Bive off a poisonous 8as This gas is so stuong that it can easily knock PeoPle unconscious. The Bloodbeast, although too bulbous to haul itself out of its slime Pool, has a long and vicious tongue which it wraps around its victims before it drags them into its pool. As the victim's flesh starts to decompose in the vile slime, the Bloodbeast will feed ftom it. You tell Throm altout the grotesque Bloodbeast, but he merely shrugs his shoulders and tells you to get going Ifyouhavenot done so already, you nuy open the black book - turn to 138. Otherwise you must continue north with Throm - tum to 369.
53
The Bloodbeast is too bulbous to climb out of its pool, butits longtonguewhips outand tries to wrap itself around your leg. Fortunately, you have fallen beyond its reach. The air at ground level does not contain any of the poisonous fumes, but you wake with a pain in your throat. You cover your mouth with your sleeve so thatyou can bteathe through it, and decide what td do. lf you wish to run lound the pool towards the tunnel, turn to 37o. If you wish to attack the Bloodbeast wlth your sword, turn to 348.
54
The lasso loosens itself and you are able to shake it free ofthe idol's neck. It falls to thefloorwith a loud clatter. You quickly coil the rope up again and Putit in your backpack. Wasting no more time in the cavein, you run fon /ard to the tunnel in the northern wall. Turn to 239.
55
Withlightning speed, you thrust your hand outand grip the cobra just below its open mouth. You lift it up and/ arm outstretched/ dangle it in ftont of the Dwarf. He doesn't flinch but says in his calm expressionless way, 'Please put the cobra back in the basket and prepare for the final part of the test. Follow me.' You do what he says and follow him bdck inlo the chamber, where Throm is pdcing up and dou,n, obviously ill at ease. You wave to him wh e the Dwarfopens a second secret doorand tells youto walkon fhrough and waitfor him. Againyou comply, and you find yourself in another circular room, although this one resembles a small arena The floor is covered with sand, and a small balcony runs around the arena wall- Opposite the secret door by whrch you entered is an ominous-looking wooden door. Suddenly you hear a shout, and vou look up to see thq smiling Dwarf standing on the balcony. He throws Lwo pieces of paper down to you. On one of them, the words NO CROP IS are w tten, on the other, RUIN MOAT. In his evercalm voice he says, 'If you rearrange the letters of the words, you willfind the names of two creatures. You may choose which one to fight in my Arena of Death.'lfyou can identify the creature by rearanging the letters NO CROP IS, turn to 143. If you can identify the creature bV rearranging the letters RUIN MOAT, turn to 40. If you cannot identi{y either of the creatures, tum to 347.
56
You see that the obstruction is a large, b'rown, boulder-like object. You touch it with your hand and are surprised to tiod that it is soft and spongy. lf vou wish to try to cljmb over il, tum to l7l. lf ydu lvish to slice it open with your swotd, tum to 215.
57
Although you check the chest carefully for any hidden devices, you are unable to see the trap inside it As you lift the lid, an iron ball hanging on a cord swings back, shattering the glass capsule fixed in side the lid. A cloud of poisonous gas is instantly released into the air and you staggerback coughing and spluttering. Lose 4 sTAMtNA points. lf you are still alive, tum to 198
58
You step slowly between the poles, taking care not to touch any of them Roll two dice. II the total is the same as or less than your sKrLL scote, turn to 80, If the total is greater than your sKrLL score, turn to ,46
59
Ahead in the far distance you hear the sou4d ofslow footsteps coming towards you. Unsure of who or what might be approachmg, you look around for a place to hide, You find a large crack in the tunnel rvallwhichlies rn shadow.Ifyou wish to standyour ground with your sword drawn, turn to J4r. Ifyou rvould rather hrde in the shadows, tum to 283.
60
fhe tunnel ends at a large oak door. Throm wastes no time in testing the handle and is somewhat strrprised to find the dooi unlocked He pushes it open and walks into a torchlit chamber Sitting alone on an ornate chairis a DWARF, whobidsyou enter the chamber As you do so, the oak door swlngs shut behind you 'Adventurers, you have done rvell to get this fai,' says the Dwarl in a deep voice. 'However, as you both know, there can only be one winner in the T al of Champions As Trialmaster, it is my duty to Baron Sukumvit to let only the most able conhnue Therefore. I musr uevrse a test of wlts and strength to eliminate one o{ you. Please do not attempt to dispose ofme. It would be utterly porntless, for, as you can see, there is no obvious way out of this chamber and only I know h'here the hidden exit lies. Now if you would care to decide between you who will go first, I shall make the necessary preparations.' You look at Thro , suddenly angry that your e{fective patnership might come to an end He leans over and whispeF in vour ear that you should try to kill the Dwa and worry about the exit later. Ifvou wish toJoin Throm in attacking the Dwarf, turn to 179 If you wouJd rather persuade Throm to go through with the Dwarf's tesL, turn to j65.
61
Despite the terible nging sound in your ears, you hear footsteps coming down the tunnel. Your loud screams have athacted a tunnel guardian Standing over you is a HOBGOBLIN. His face bears a sickly smile as he presses the point of his sword against your neck. You are unable to defend yourself and prevent the Hobgoblin from running you through. Your advenfure ends here,
62
The Gnome jumps in the air, yelling, 'Well done - nobody has ever managed to find all three gems beforel Now get ready for the final test, which I will explain onceand once only. As you can see, thelock on this door has three slots, labelled A, B and C, each of which is built to accept a specific gem. You have to put one of your three gems in each of the slots in the conect order. If you manage this at the first attempt, fine. Hor/ever, ifyou put the gems in the rvrong slots, you will be blasted by a bolt of energy from the lock, causin8 you injury. Anyway, as I said, I am allowed to help you a little. lf you place one gem in its correct slot but Bet the other two wrong, I shall shout, "One crown and two skulls." If you place all three gems incorrectly, I shall shout, "Three skulls." You will be allowed totry again and again until you either succeed or die. Are you ready?'You signal your readiness with a nod of the head, and walk forward to place the three gemc in the slots. Decide which gems you will place in the labelled slots on the nextpage:
A B C
Emerald Diamond Sapphire Turn to 16
Damond Sapphire Emerald  Tum to 392
Sapphire En/erald Diamond  Tum to 177
Emerald Sapphire D€mond  Turn to 287
Diamond Emerald Sapphire  Turn to 132
Sapphire Diamond Emerald Turn to 249
63
You tie the rope aroundyourwaist and take hold of the lighted torch given to you by Throm, as your Barbarian ally calls himself Taking hold o{ the slack rope, Throm lowers you slowlyoverthe edge of the pit and down into the dark depths below. You can see by the light of the torch that the sides of the pit are extremely smooth. You drop about twenty metres before hitting the bottom of the pit. There you see another funnel heading north and you call up to Throm and tell him of your discovery He calls back, saying that he is going to tie the rope arounda protrudjng rock on the edge ofthe pit and will come down and ,oin you. You hear him climbing down and soon you are together a8ain. Throm retijeves his rope by shaking it off the rock, and you set off north along the new tunnel. Turn to 19t.
64
As soon as you put the dng on your finger, your wholebody starts to shake. Roll two dice. Ifthe total is the same as or less than your S(ILL score, turn to 115. If the total is greater than your s(ILL score, tutn to 19o.
65
Have you drunk a Potion {ound inside a black leather book? If you have, tum to 345. lf you have not drunk it, turn to 372.
66
After walking down the tunnel for a few minutes, you come to a junction. A white arrow Painted on one wall points west- On the floor you can see wet {ootprints made by those who enteredbefore you. It is hard to be sure, but it looks as ihough three of them followed the direction ofthe arrow, while one decided to go east. Ifyou wish to head west, turrr to 293. I{you wish to head east, turn to 119.
67
You grab one of the underwater bridge pillars and cling to it, holding your breath. Meanwhile the Troglod]'tes reach the ver bank and decide that vou must have been swept to your death downriver as it drsappears into the depths of the moun tain By now your lungs are bursting lor air Trsf Vout L ck agal1\.1+ you are Lucky, tuln to 46.l{you are Unlucky, turrr to 219
68
You walk down the passage and soon find vourself standing at the edge ofa deep, dark pit. The passage continues easton the otherside ofthepit You think you could probably jump over the pit, but you are not sure. There is a rope hanging down lrom the cetling over the centre o{ the pit. Will you:
Throw your shleld over the pit and jump after it? Turn to 221
Jump over the pit carrying all your Possessions? Turn to J
Reach for the rope with your sword to enable you to swing across the pit? Turn to 212
69
Ivy does not notice you opening the door. You slip out of her room, close the door quietly behind you and findyourselfat the end ofanother tunnel. Turn to 3o5.
70
You just manage to dive to the side before the boulder smashes into the tunnel floor, splitting the stone. As you dustyourselfof{, you suddenly notice daylight at the end o{ the tunnel You run forward towards a beautiful sight oI blue sky and green trees. Runnin8 out of the tunnel, you expect to be greeted by cheering crowds, but are horrified at what you do see. There is no hero's welcome from the people all around you All are dead You are in Iact standing in a cold chamber littered with armoured skeletons and bodies the exit to victory was just an illusionl Only the corpses ofpast advenfurersarereal. You runback towardsthe tunnel, but hlt an invisible ballier. You are trapped and destined to end your days in the chamber of the dead.
71
Once again you reach for the parchment, only this iime it is lying amidst a pile of broken bones. Un ioldingit, you see a map of aroomwitha drawingof a hideous creature inslde it. Beneath the monster is a rhvme which reads:
'Should you meeL the Manticore,
Of its tail be$'are.
Shield yoursel{ agarnst the spikes
Flying throu8h the ar '
You fold up the piece of parchment and put it in \'our backpack. Repeating the rhyme over and over io vourself, you walk across to the alcove. Turn to 128
72
The Mirror shatters, sending fragments of glass l]ving everywhere. The Mirror Demon's four faces cry out rn agony, and cracks appear all over them Then they too shatter and fall to the lloor in a pile of broken glass. Un{ortunately, vou cut your sword arm badly while smashing ihe miruor Although lour strength is una{fected, vour weaponskill is diminlshed. Lose 2 sKrLL points belore continuing \ ourJourneynorth Turn to f2.
73
lfyou have not done so aheady, you may walkback to search the Barba an - turn to 126. Otherwise, leave the chamber to continue west turn to E3.
74
Ihe tunnel takes a sharp right turn and you find yourself iri a sort of gallery lined with mirrors for some twenty metres. A human skeleton appears to be pulled halfway through the mirlor along the right hand wall. Suddenly a grotesque being with four aros and four screaming faces emerges from the minor, barring yourwayahead. It walks slowly towards you, each arm outstretched to grab you. It is a MIRROR DEMON from another dimensional plane, come to take your spirit. Will you
Make a wish (if you are wearing a Ring ofWishes?) Turn to 255 
Try to smash the mirrors? Turn to 3oo
Attack the Mirror Demon with your sword? Turn to 327
75
You rub the liquid into your wounds, but they do notheal. Staring into the empty bottle, you wonder what exactly the liquid was. Ifyou have not done so already, you may open the red book - tum to 52. Otherwise, you must continue north with Throm - turn to j59
76
You step round the great bulk of the dead Rock Grub and peer into the darkness of its borehole. You can only see a lew metres, but are able to make out that it inclines slightly and is wet from the secreted slime of the Rock Grub. If you wish to explore the borehole, turn to 312. Ifyou would ratherwalk west along the tunnel, tum to 117
77
Youstagger through the open doorway into another tunnel, at the end of whrch is the welcome sight oI daylight Much to yoursurprise, youseetheGnome lving dead halfway down the iunnel. A crossbow bolt prohudes from the side o{ his head The Gnome, in his bid for freedom, has lallen foul of Baron Sukurnvit's final trap. You walk past him and outinto brilliant sunshine. Turn to 4oo
78
There is an open pipe in the ght-hand wall, about a metre in diameter. It is too dark to see far down it. You shoutintoitand hear yourvoice echoing down the iron pipe until eventually the sound fades away If you wish to crawl down the pipe, turn to 3or. If you would rather conhnue notth, turn to 142.
79
You grip the arms ofthe chair tightly, hall expecting a surge of energy or pain to rushthrough yourbody. Test your Luck.If you are Lucky, turn to 106. If you are Urllucky, turn to 383 .
80
YoLr takeyour time and inanage to step over the last pole without having touched any of thern. You hurry on east, still following the two pairs of footprints. Turn to 313.
81
The only furniture in the Goblin's room is a table, two chairs and a cupboard on the wall. There are two closed doors, one in the westwall andthe other in the north wall. Will you:
Open the cupboard? Tum to 3o7
Open the west door? Turn to 26
Open the north door?3 Turn to 136
82
As the PitFiend slamsits body against the wall, you let go of the rope and drop salely to the floor. You run towards the double doors arird are relieved to feel them swing open as you push on them You let them swing shut behind you and head north a1on8 rh- +"---l r".- r^ ",
83
The passage soon leads to a junction You notice more footprints on the floor, possibly as many as three paus, headinB north from the south passage You decide to {ollou'them. Turn to 3Z
84
Roll two dice. lf the total is more than eight, tum ro 152. lfthe total is eight or less, tum to 121-
85
Before you are able to do anvthing else, the old man mumbles a few stmnge words into the air. You feel your muscles harden and your skin go taut. You start to panic, but there is nothlng you can do to stop the petrifaction ofyour body. Your adventure ends here,
86
The key turns in the lock and the door opens into a four way intersection of the tunnel. There is nothing to be seen either to east or to west apart from the now familiar ceiling crystals giving off their dim lght. Suddenly you hear a voice calJing you, 'Ihis !vay, this way You are on the dght tmck.' It seems to be coming from somewhere directly ahead of vou. Your curiosrty gets the better of you and you decide to walk towards the beckoning voice. Tum to a67
87
The door opens into a large room. Turn to 381.
88
As soon as they see you, the TROGLODYIES raise their bows and run to surround you. To your horror, their leader then steps forward and declares thatyouare their pnsonerandmust subiectyourself to t al by their ancient ite, the Run of the Arrow. If you are willing to take part in the Run of the Arow, turn to 343. Ifyou would rather try to fiSht your way out, turn to 258.
89
Backon solid ground once again on thecavern floor, you try to shake the rope off the idol's neck Test uout I u(k. ll you are I ucky, turn to 54. lf you dre Unlucky, turn to 26r.
90
believed. Its bodyis greenand covered all over with fearcomelooking spikes_ Its face is a mass of crim
BLOODBEAST in a leather-bound book, turn to 172. Ifyou have not read this book, turn to 357. 
91
The Orc's morning star thuds into your arm, knocking your sword to the floor. You must fight them bare-handed, reducing your sKrLL by 4 for the duration of the combat. Fortunately, the tunnel is too narrowforboth Orcs toattackyou atonce Fight them one at a time.
S(ILL STAMIN A
First ORC ' I 5
Second ORC 6 4
lf you win, turn to 257.
92
Summoning all your shength, you deal the Mirror Demon one final blow with your sword With an ear-splitfing sound, cracks begin to .un across its faces and limbs. Its many mouths cry out rn the agony ofits death throes before the Demon shatters completely and falls to the ground in a pile of tiny fragments. You heave a huge sigh ofrelie{and then hurry on past. Tum to D2.
93
The door opens into a small dark room, which is empty apart from a sturdy wooden chest ]ying on a shel{ on the lar wall. The floor is thick with dust, and vou can clearly see fresh footprints leadingfrom the door to the chest and back again. You wonder whether one of your rivals is stjll ahead of you on 'The Walk', or whether the chest has only recently been placed on the shelfby one of thb Trialmasterslf you wish to enter the room and open the chest, tum to 284 If you would rather keep walking down rho h,hnol h,.6 r^..^
94
Taking a deep breath, you lean over the pit and plunge your forearm into the mass of wriggling worms. They are cold alrd clammy and feel extreme ly nasty, but at least they are harmless and you are ableto seize the daggerby the hilt. You give it a hard tug and it comes away ftom the crack in which the hp l{'as embedded. Admiring its beauty, and wonderin8 whether it might once have belonged to some luckless contestant, you put the opal studded dagger frrmlv m your belt and leave the cavem Turn to 124
95
The iron ring is attached to a small trapdoor. lt lfts up easily, and inside a small compartment you find a finely crafted shield made of the purest iron. Marvelling at its splendour,you strap it on to your arm. Add 1 sKrLL point You walk towards the double doors and push them open Turn to248.
96
Your second blow also fails to smash themfuror. The Mirror Demon reaches out, grabs your wdst and starts pulling you towards the milror Its strength is incredible, and, despite all your efforts, you cannot resist. With every second you come closer to the mirror. When the Mi or Demon touches the mirror, it seems to disappear straight through it. With horroryou seeyour own arm disappear through the mi or too, and the rest oI your body soon follows You are now in a mi[or world of another dimension, ftom which you can never return,
97
Unknown to you, the Bloodbeast has only one weakness: its real eyes. More by chance than by design, you plunge your blade deep into one of them, and rhe Bloodbeast immediately slumps back into its pool. AJter a few massive convulsions, it sinks beneath the oily su ace of the pool Not waiting to see whether it will recover, you run into the tunnel, anrjous to get away from the Blood beast's toxic chamber as fast as possible. Tum to 434
98
Lifting the goblet releases a sprungcatch, anda dart shoots out of the wooden table leg Test your Luck.If you are Lucky, turn to 1o5. If you are Unluckv, turn to 235
99
Smiling, you tell Ivy that you think she and Sour belly look very alike Then, whrle she stares admir ingly at the painting, you pick up a broken stool, creep up behind her and smash heroverthe back of the head with it as hard as you can. To your im mense relie{, she slumPs unconscious to the floor If you wish to search her room, tum to 266. I{ not, leave by the door in the east wall. You lind yollrself standing at the end of a tunnel. Turn to 3o5.
100
Only a few metres fufther down the passage, you see another closed door in the left-hand $'all. The letter X is scratched into its centre panel. Putting your ear to the door, you listen intentlybut can hear nothing If you wish to open the door, turn to 87. If you would rather keep walking north, turn to 217
101
The fiver current is quite strong and, encumbered by your armour and backpack, you are unable to swim against it Within seconds you are swept under the bridge Standing on the river bank, the Troglodytes look on Jaughing and jeering a. you drift to your death down-iver in the depths of the mountain,
102
You enter a room which is small and completely empty As soon as you are inside, the doot slams shut behind you. Suddenly a voice booms out of nowhere, shouting, 'Welcome to Deathtrap Dungeon, the ingenious killer labyrinth of my master. Adventurer,I trust you will pay yourrespects to my master by shouting out his name?'
Will you shout:
Hail, Sukumvit? Tum to 133
Sukumvit is a worm? Tum to 251
103
You breathe in the poisonous gas and start to choke Lose j srAMrNA points lf you are still alive, tum to 77.
104
Reacting quickly, you manage to tump over the outstretched tongue and run into the tunnel, leaving the Bloodbeast wallowing in its pool to arvalt another victim. Turn to 134
105
Your reflexes are sharp and you quicklyjump aside The dart $'histles past, only just missrng you, and thLrds into the opposite wall. You see the goblet lying on the floor and the red liquid running awayin rivulets over the Brey stone. Atleasi the gobletmay be of use, so you put it in yourbackpack If1'ou have not done so alreadv, you ma,rr walk back to search the Barbarian - turn to 126. Othen{ise, leave the chamber to continue west turnto83.
106
Squeezing the arm of the chair tri8gers a secrei panel which springs into the air. You find a glass phial lyrng ln a cavlty. You pick it up and read the label: 'Doppelganger Potion - one dose only This Lquid will rnake yourbody take on the shape olany nearby being ' You place the strange potion in your backpack and continue north. Turn to 188
107
You come to an arched doorway set in the righF hand wall of th€ tunnel The heavy stone door is closed, but there is an iron latch and a round handle tf yorl wrsh to try the door, tuln to 168. Ifinstead you \\'ish to continue along the funnel, tuln to 257.
108
There is a large panel olglassinthe left-hand wallof the tunnel Through ityou can see a bight. torchlit room teeming with CIANT INSECTS of every possible description. Bees, wasps, beetles, ticks - even the mites are over six centimetres long. The noise is threatening In the middle of the toom, a jewelled crou'n lies on top of a small table What looks like a large diamond is set in the middle ofthe crown. Will you:
Break the glass and try to snatch the crown? Tum to 394
Continue west? Tum to 59
Return to the junchon to head north? Turn to 14
109
You arrive at another junction in the tunnel If you wish to keep heading west, turn to 43. Ifyou wish to go north, tum to 24
110
The tunnel soon takes another sharp right fuin Followingiteast, you arrive ata shange obstruction: a line of tweive wooden poles across the tunnel They are fixed to the walls about halfa mehe off the floor and spaced a metre apart. If you wish to step beLween the poles, turn to 5E. If you wish to walk across the top of the poles, tum to 223.
111
You wipe the vile yellow slime from the blade of your sword and walk quickly to the door, back into the funnel and head north. Turn to 262.
112
Apart from two portions of yqur Provisions which were saturated and are now inedible, all your other possessions rcmain intact, You repack them carefully inside your backpack and set off north again Turn to 356.
113
The wooden ball whistles past the skull, hitting the far wall with a loud 'crack'. If you wish to hy again with the other ball, turn to 371. If you have aheady thrown twice, or do noL wish to lhrow again, you may decide to clo\e the door and continue \ est along the tunnel -tum to 74
114
The Caveman is wearing a leather wristband with four small rats'skulls hanging ftom it. I{ you wish to put it on your own wrist, turn to 336. If you would rather set off north again, tum [o 298.
115
Yout body continues to vibrate intensely and you feel as if you are about topass out But your strength is great, and you mana8e to withstand the tremendous shockto your system. Finallyyou calm down and begin to feel the ng's beneficial powers working on you. Add I srAMrNA points. You see Throm looking at you anxiously, so you reassure him thatyou aie fully recovered. He strides offeast and you follow him eagerly. Turn to 221.
116
You cannotbelieve that the Bloodbeast is unaf{ected by its new wound. You hesitate a moment too long and it lunges folward, cracking your skull with its jaws. Then it drags you into itspool, where you will be predigested and later consumed by the hrdeous creature
117
head east, turn to 135.
118
119
Ahead you can see a large obstruction on the tunnel floor, although it is too dark to make out exactly whatitis. The wet footpdnts you have been following cary on towards the obstruction. llyou want to continue east, turn to 56. I{ you would rather go back to the luncfion and head h'est, turn to 293.
120
Lying in a hole about a metre deep, you see a Brappling iron and a leather pouch. lf you wish to reach down for them, tum io 228 If you would rather ignore them and continue north, tuin to 292
121
The Dwarf looks at the dice. 'Not very good at playing rhe odds, are you?'he sneers. 'l regret you must suffer a penalty before you can conhnue.' From outofhis pockethe produces two pills, Oneis stamped h'ith the letter S and the other stamped with the letter L. He asks you to choose one and swallow it. II you wish to swallow the pill stamped with the letter S, turn to 26. If you wish to swallow the other pill, turn to 354.
122
In {ront of you are two flights of stone steps separated by a banister of rat skulls. You may dimb either the l€ft-hand flight of steps - turn to 176 or the ri8ht-hand flight - turn to 384. 
123
The necklace is an amulet of strength. Add 1 sKrLL pointand 1 srAMrNA point and continue your quest north. Tuln to 282.
124
You throw the trapdoor open and run up the steps rnto a bright, lantem-lit room. Two GOBLINS are sharpening their short swords on a stone set in the middle of the floor. You catch them momentarily off Buard, but they quickly recover and both rush forward to attackyou. S(ILL STAMINA
First GOBLIN 
Second COBLIN 
Both Goblins will have a seParate attack on you in each Attack Round, but you must choose which of the two you will fight. Attackyour chosen Goblin as in a normal battle. Against the other you must throw for your Attack Shength in the normal way, but even if your Attack Strength is greater you will not wound it. You must lust count this as though you have defended yourself against its blow. However, if its Attack Strength is gleater, it will have wounded you in the normal way. If you win, turn to El,
125
You tiptoe towards the door while Ivy Prattles on. Test yaur Luck.Ifyovare Lucky, turn to 69 Ifyouare Unlucky, tum to 139.
126
The pouch on the Barbadan's belt is emPty apart fionasome stran8e-lookinB dried meat wraPPed in a cloth. Will you:
Eat the dried meat? Turn to 226
Leave the meat and walk over to the alcove (ifyou have not done so already)? Tuln to 41
Leave the chamber and head west? Tu to 83
127
The only possible way out of the hall as far as you can see is by using the chute in Lhe northern wall You decide to give it a Bo and climb into the chute. You slide gently down and emerge into another room. landinB on your bacl. Turn Lo 9
128
At the back of the alcove are some steps leading down into a cellar. Cobwebs brush your face as you descend The cellar ceilingis quite low, and the floor is strewn with rubbish and debris In the middle of the wall opposite vou is an archway whrch leads into another crystal lit tunnel. There are large mushrooms growing on the rubbish to yourright. If you wish to step through the archway, turn to 35 If you wish to stop to eat some of the mushrooms, hrln to 233.
129 You tie the rope to the grapphng iron and hurl it over the top ofthe wall. lts hooks dig into the stone and you beBin to haul yourself up Peering over the top of the wall, you see an enormous dinosaurlike monster thmshing about in a sand-covered pit. Its tough hide is a mottled green colour, and it stands some tenmetres tallonits muscular hind legs Rows 0 430 of razor-sharp teeth line its gigantic iaws, which open and close with bone-snaPPing Power. There is a large double door in the wall on the far side o{ the pit, which appears to be the only way out of this section of the dungeon. Willyou:
Lower yoursel{ down on the roPe into the pit to fi8ht the PIT FIEND? Turn to 349
Throw yourbone monkey charm into the pit (if you have one)? Turn to 351
Try to hook the PIT FIEND with the grap-pling iron while sitting on top of the wall? Turn to 167
130
The Hobgoblins stop rheir fight immediately. They do notunderstand what you are saying and snarl at you vjciously Then they draw the short swords and run iorward to attack you. FiSht them one at a trme,
SKILL STAMINA
First HOBCOBLIN 7 5
Second HOBGOBLIN 6 5
Ifyou win, tum to 9
131
The crossbow bolts fly over your head and thud into the opposite walli fortunately, you are still crouching on the floor. Now that the trap has been sprung, you can leave the room by the doorthrough which you entered. Back in the tunnel you head on west Turn to 74.
132
You just have time to hear the Gnome say, 'One crownand two skulls', before a white boli of energy shoots out ftom the lockinto your chestand knocks you unconscious Roll one die, add 1 to the number and reduce your sraMrNA by the total If you are still alive, you come to and are told by the Gnome to try again. You know you placed one gem in the corect slot, but which one? You sigh and tentatively try a new combination
A B C
Emerald Diamond  Sapphire Tull1 to 16
Diamond Sapphire Emerald  Turn to 392
Sapphire Emerald Diamond Tum to 177
Emerald Sapphire Diamond Turn to 287
Diamond Emerald Sapphire Tum to 132
Sapphire Diamond Emerald Turn to 249
133
Once again, the mysterio;; voice calls out, onlythis time its tone is full of contempt and derigion,'So, we have a snivelling weed in ourrnidst, do we?'sneers the voice. 'My master has a special gift for you, loathsome creep.' Suddenly water starts pouring into the room throu8h a hole in the ceiling. lt soon rises above your ankles, and there is no apparcnt way of escape. You wade back to the door. lt is firmly locked, but in desperation you try ramming it with your shoulder, Roll two dice. If the total is the same as or less than your sKrLL score, tum to r78. lf the total is gieater than your s Kr L L score, tuln to 12.
134
The turnel leads into a large room, its ceiling supported by several marble pillars. As you enter the room? you suddenly see a skange beast to your right. lt has the body of a lion with dragon-like wings attached to it, butitsheadis like fhatofanold bearded man If vou have read the ooem wlitten on the Skeleton Wirrior's oarchment', tuln to 222. If you have not read this p;em, tum to 242.
135
Passing the Rock Grub s borehole on your lelt, you soon arrive at the iunction, You take a quick look down the tunnel leading south, but do not see anybody approaching. Quickening your step, you hurry on east. Turn to 6E.
136
The door opens into another tunnel, which rises gently into the distance. After walking uphill for a while, the tulnel levels outand you soon arrive ata door in the righfhand wall, to which a withered hand is nailed. lfyou wish to open the door, tum to 21o If you would mthercontinue north, fumto7g.
137
Walkingalongthe tunnel, you are surpdsed to see a large iron bell hanging down from the ceiling.Ilyou wish to ring the bell, tum to 22o.Ifyou would rather walk round it and continue west, turn to ?52.
138
The book s pages arc sealed together, but a small hole has been cut out in the middle of them, iust large enough lo hold a smallcorked bot e contain. ing a clear liquid. You show it to Throm, who holds up his hand, indicating that he does not wantyou to come anywhere near him with itj his distrust of things unknown is strongly evidenf, Will you:
Drink the liquid? Tuln to 397
Rub the liquid into your wounds? Tum to 25
Open the red book (if you have not done so already)? Turn to 52
Leave the bottle and book to continue north with Throm? Tum to ?6q 
139
IVY sKrLL 9 srAMtNA 9
If you win, turn to 2or.
140
You try to Iorce the point of your sword under the emerald eye. Much fo your surprise, it shatters on
141
sKrLL, tum tO 96.
142
Tiere is anew branch in the tunnel on your left, and ahead you see two bodies lying on the floor. you
143
You call out to the Dwart telling him to send in the SCORPIONbecause you are ready to fight. Slowly the wooden door rises, and a huge, grotesque black Scorpion squeezes underneath it and enters the room. You draw your sword in readiness and prepare to flght the sinister creature with its huge pincers and deadly sting
GIANT SCORPION sKrLL 10 STAMINA 1O
The Scorpion attacks you with both pincerc, and you must treat each pincer as a separate creature as though you were fighting two creatures. Both pincers have a sKILL of 10 and will attackyou separately in each Attack Round, but you must choose which of the two voLr will fi8hL. ALtdcl one pincer d5 in a normal battle. Against the other pincer you must throw {or your Attack Strength in the nolmal way, but you will not wound it even i{ your Attack Strength is greater; you must count this as though you have just fended off its blow Of course, if its Attack Strengthis greater, itwill have \4ounded you in the normal way. If, during any of the Attack Rounds, the Scorpion's Attack Strength totals 22, turn to 2. If you manage to kill the Scorpionwithout it scoring anAttack Strength of 22, tum to 163.
144
Still smiling, the old man looks at you and says quietly, 'Wrong.' Tum to 85.
145
The Dwa is expecting your move. Furthermore, you arc not as fast as you should be because of your recent ordeal, so he easily evades your Punch, sayin& 'I could kifl you now if I wished, but I yearn fora hand-to-hand fight.'Then he throws down his crossbow and draws an ax€ ftom his belt. DesPite your fatigue, you think only ofvenSeance. 
DWARF SKILL 8 r{t STAMINA 6
During each Attack Round you must reduce your Attack Strength by 2 because of your condition. If you win, turn to 28.
146
The pain in your lungs forces you to riie to the surface forair. Fortunately, noneof the Troglodytes see you and they all disp€rse. You dimb out oI the river and aoss the bridge to the northem bank. Any rcmaining Provisions you may have are now inedible- You continue to walk through the vast cavern until at last you see a tunnel in the far wall. You walk down it until you come to a hea\,y wooden door which is locked. Ifyou have an iron key, tum to 86. Ifyou do nothave a key, t.utn to 276.
147
The waler in the bamboo pipe is welcomingly refreshing. Add t sr.rurrr. poittt. ll also conlains a maBical solution which will enable you to be exPosed to melting-point temperatures without harm. Discarding the bamboo, you start off north again in good spi ts. Turn to 1E2.
148
There is nowhere to go exceFt down the steps towards the barking dogs. You reach the bottom and, with your sword drawn, face Lhe two huge black GUARD DOGS, which leap at you one at a trme
SKILL STAMINA
First GUARD DOG 77
Second GUARD DOG Z8
If you win, turn to 175. You may Escape after killing the first Guard Dog by running east down the tunnel. Turn to 315.
149
Yori let go of the rope and hearit fall to the bottom of the pit. The Barbarian curses, promisingto kill you if your paths should cross again. You step ba& and take a running jump. You land safely on the far side of the pit and continue west. Further down the tunnel, you step on a floor stone which tilts forward, triggering a trap which releases a boulder loosely set in the ceiling. You look up just as it is about to crash on top ol yort. Test your Luck.Ifyott are Lucky, turn to 70. If you are Unlucky, turn to 1.
150
Having had the sense not to put your sword arm into thehole, the effects of fhe tentacled armarenot too serious. Lose 1 s(rr-L point. You reach back into the hole and pull out the grdppling iron and the leather pouch lnside the pouch you find a tiny brass bell You pack away your new possessrons and continue north. Turn to 292.
151
As you touch the idol's emerald eye you hear a creaking sound below you Looking down, you are shocked to see the two stuffed birds flying off. Their wings flap in jerky movements, but they are soon above you andlook setto attack. Fight the FLYING GUARDIANS one at a time, butreduceyour sKrLL by z during this combat because of your restdcted Position.
SKILL STAMINA
First FLYING GUARDIAN 7 6
Second FLYING GUARDIAN 8 8
Ifyou win, Lurn to 24o.
152
The Dwarf congratulates you for guessing correctly. He tells you that you must now progress to the second stage of the test. He reaches for a wicker basket and tells you that a snake is held irithin it. He hps up the basket and the snake drops on to the floor; it is a cobra, and it rears up in the air ready to st ke. The Dwarf tells you that he wishes to test your reactions. Bare-handed, you must grasp the cobra below itshead, avoidingits deadlyfangs. You crouch down on the floor, tensing yoursel{ for the moment to seize it. Roll two dice. lf the total is the same as or less than your sKrLL, tum to 55. If the total is gleater than your sKrLL, turn to 2o2.
153
The dooropens intoa small room in which there is a human skull with jewelled eyes resting on top of a marble plinth. A row of loaded crossbows is fixed to the left-hand wall, and two small wooden balls lie on the floor justinside the door. Will you:
Walk into the room and pick up the skull? Tum to 39o
fltrow a wooden ball at the skull ftom the doorway? Twnto 37a
Close the door and continue west, taking the wooden balls with you? Turn to 74
154
Running down the tunnel, you soon catch up with the Barbalian and tell him that the eastem passage comes to a dead end- He nod8 his head in silent understanding and sets off towalds the west with you at his side- Tum to22.
155
The words of her poem flash through your mind: 'When corridor doth water meet, do not make a quick retreat. . .'Ofcourse, it is hele that she wants you to dive into the water, Now you must decide what to do, lf you wish to dive into the water, turn to 378. If you would rather walk back down the tunnel, tum to 322.
156
The small plate slides open easily, arrd you 6rrd yourself peering into a room h,ith a deep pit in the floor behind the door- On the opposite wall there are two iron hooks, on one of which hangs a coil of rope. If you wish to open the doo!, jump over the pit afld take the iope, tum to 208. If you would rather continue north along the tunnel, tum to 326.
157
The casket opens eagily, and inside there is a black velvet bag containing a large pearl. Add I LUCK point. Af[er putting the pearl in your pocket, you press on through the cobwebs. Turn to 31o.
158
You lift the jug to your lips and take a swig of the liquid It bums so much that you drop the jug and grab your throat in agony. You have swallowed acidl Lose 1 s(rLL point and 4 srAMrNA points, If you are still alive, tuln to 275.
159
Your reactionsare stillslow becduseof lhe poison in your system, and although you try to i ump over the outstretched tongue, your legs let you down. The sticky tongue wraps itselfaround your leg, flipping you over, and starts to pull you towards the pool. Your sword has slipped out of your hand and you start to panic If you have a dagger, turn to 294, If you do not have a dagger, tum to 334.
160
Your armour and swold weigh you down, but you just manaBe to land safely on the far edge ofthe pit You waste no time and head east Tum to 237.
161
You push past the tra/o LePrechauns and head off norlh, the;oise of jeering dnd laughter rin8in8 in
thieving Leprechauns and set off north again Turn to 29.
162
Removrn8 the box lid by the liSht ofthe tunnel, you find an iron key and a large gem. lt is a saPphire Add 1 LUc( point. Placing the items carefully in yourbackpack, you set offnorth once again Tumto 442
163
The Dwarf calls down from the balcony, congratul.rlrns vou on voLrr victor\ ' He throws a sac[ do$ n into ihi arenaind tells you to relar and regain vour
offerings, turn to 361. If you would rather just sii down and await his tetutn, turn to 3o2
164
As you walk along, droplets of $'ater atain start falJing from the tunnel ceiling. You see wet footprints, made by the same boots that you followed earlier, hea ding west. The footprints lead to a dosed iron doorin the right-hand wall of the tunnel, but do not seem to go any further. If you wish to open the door, tull1 to 299. lf you would rather keep going west, turn to 83
165
There is a slot in the padlock into which you place the coin. lmmediately the lockclicks apart, and you are able to unchain the stilts. You place them on your shoulder and once again set off north. Turn to 2J4.
166
As you touch the emerald eye of theidol, youheara creaking sound below you, Looking dovr'n, you are shocked to see the two stufled birds taking flight. Their wings flap in jerky movements, but they are soon above vou and look set to attack Fighi the FLYINC GUARDIANS one at a time, but leduce your srrrr, by 3 during this combai because ofyour restricted position.
SXTLL STAMTNA
First FLYING GUARDIAN 8 8
Second FLYING GUARDI AN 7 8
lfyou win, turn to 11.
167
You swing the grapplingiron aroundyourhead and hurl it at the beastbelow. The Pit Fiend's hugejaws snap tight over the gappling iron, then it jerks its head back. Still holding the rope, you are pulled off the wall and tumble to the bottom o{ the pit. Lose 4 srAMrNA points. Ifyou are still alive, turn to 2o3.
168
Lifting the latch and pushing the heavy stone door open, you find yourselfin a large cavern. The light is dirn and murky, but as your eyes begin to adjust, you see that the walls are covered in green algae and running with moisture. The floor is strewn with straw. The atmosphere is warm, damp and fetid, and a soft humming sound fills the air You step gingerly through the straw towards a corner of the cavern, where there appea$ to be a shallow pit. Peering wa ly into the pit, you are disgusted to see a nlass of pale writhing worms, some as much as half a metre long. Utterly nauseated, you are about to turn awaywhen you notice that thefu undulating bodies are swarming round a dagger, its pointheld fast in a crack in the pit floor. The hilt is cased in black leather studded with opals, and the blade is fashioned from a srrange reddish-black bumished metal you have never seen before. You lon8 to touch the dagger, buL this \aould mean plunging your hand in among the w:rithing worms. Do you reach for the dagger - tum to 94 or back away in disgust and leave the cavem - l1j.r'n to 267?
169 The door swings open into a small room, but before when entering rooms. Inside the room you see two iron hooks on the wall opposite the door. A coiJ of rope is hanging on one of them, you pu( it in your backpacl. lump back or er the pit tu le;ve the room and head north. Turn to 32b. 472 471-a72 BLOODBEAST sKrLL 72 As soon asyou winyour secondAttack Round, turn to 27E. 471-474 475 Attached to the collar of one of the Guard Dogs is a metal capsule. You prise off the top and find a small tooth inside. It is a teprechaun's tooth which will bring you good fortune. Add z LUc( points. You put the tooth in your pocket and set off easr along the tunnel. Tum to ja5. a76 Treading carefully, you slowly make your way up the steps. You soon reach the top without mishap. Continue alon8 the new tunnel. Turn to 272. You just have time to hear the Gnome yell, 'Three crowns!', before the lock clicks open. As the hearT door swings slowly outrr'ards, the Gnome rushes towards it, hurling the glass ball atyourfeet. Green gas escaPes ftom the broken glass, and you try to avojd inhaling it. Test your Luck.If you are Lucky, tuln to 243. If you are Unlucky, turTlta1o3. a78 The door cannot withstand the furious battering you are giving it. The centre panel cracks and splinters, enabling you to kick a hole in it large enough Ior you to squeeze through. Wetbut happy to have survived your ordeal, you set off north again. Tum ro i44 479 479 As you rush towards the Dwarf, he pulls two hand darts from his belt and he throws them at you and Throm, hitting both of you in the leg. You are both rnstantly paralysed by the poison on the tip of the dart Lose 2 srAMrNA points. As though glued to the floor, you can only wa tch as the Dwarf retrieves his dart ftom your thigh. He asks you whether you are willing to enter his contest now. You strain to nod your head. Slowly, the e{fects of the poison wear off and mobility returns The Dwarf beckons you to follow hlm, telling Throm toawaithis return. He opens a secret door in the chamberwall andyou follow him into a small circular room. He closes the door behind you and hands you two bone dice, ielling you to throw them on the floor You roll a six and a two, a totalofeight. The Dwarfasks you to roll again, but thjs time you mustpredict the total: will it be the same, or higher or lower than eight? If you wish to guess that it will be the same, turn to 29o. If you wish to guess that it will total less than eight, turn to 191. If you wish to guess that it will total more than eight, turn to 84. i 18o-181 1gO As you make a lunge at ihe Bloodbeast, you suddenly start to feel faint. The gas rising up from the pool is highly toxic and you slump to the floor unconscious. Test laur L1tck.If you are Lucky, tum to 53. Ifyou are Unlucky, turn to 272. 181 The tunnel leads into a marble-floored hall with pillars dsing right up to the ceiling. Asyou cross the floor, your footsteps echo through the hall. The hairs on the back ofyour neck start to prickle as you sense unseen eyes watchingyou. unknown to you, one of your vals is hiding behind a pillar. Itisthe NINJA, the deadly assassin dressed in black robes. Without a sound, he steps out ftom behind the pillar and throws a star-ed8ed disc at your back. Instinc tively, an inner voice tells you to dtick. Test your Luck l( yort are Lucky, fum to 312 II you are Unlucky, tum to 45. 182 The temperature continues to rise and you find vourself d pping with sweat. As you struggle on, the heat intensifies untilit feels like $'hite heat and becomes so unbearable that you begin to pass out. lf you drank the liquid ftom the bamboo pipe, turn to 25 Ifyoudid nol stop to drink, turn Lo 242. 183 You climb on to your stilts and take a few tentative steps across the floor. Your confidence grows, and you soon feel able to tackle the walk across the slime. Smoke ses from the base of the stilts as the slime starts tobum them away. You plod stolidly on and finallyreach firm ground again- Unfortunately, the stilts are sLillcovered in slimeand youare forced to dump them. Setting o{f north, you come to a junction If you wish to go west, tum to j86. Ifyou wish to contlnue no h,tumto218, a82-183 t ' at4 a84 TheBarbarian, who tells youheis called Throm, ties the rope around his waist, givin8 you the free end, As he lights the torch, you see a look of distrust in hjs eyes, Slowly, he climbs over the edge of the pit while you brace yourself and tal<e the shain of the rope. As you lower him little by little, you see the smooth sides of the pit illuminated by Throm's torch. He finally reaches the bottom and calls up to you, sayrng that there is another funnel running north. He tells you to secure ihe rope around a rock protruding from the edge of the pit and lower youlself to the bottom. Ifyou wish to stay with the Balbalian and head north down the lower tunnel, turn to 323. If you wish to abandon himby jumping over the pit to head west, turn to 149. r85-rE6 185 The Troglodytes are too involved in their tribal dancing to hear the clatter of your sword, and you crawl past. When you think you are far enough away, you stand up andrun across the cavem floor. Ahead you see an underground river running east to west through the cavern with a wooden b dge crossing over it. Hea ng a noise, you tlance back and realize you have been spotted. The Troglodytes are chasng you. If youwishto run ove! theb dge, turn to31E. lf youwish to dive into the river, tu to 47. 1E5 Slowly and carefully, you begin to climb the idol. You are about to grab hold of its large ear when suddenly your foot slips. Iesf rorl lrck, If you are Lucky, turn to 260. If you are Unlucky, turn to 356. 1,87-788 aE7 The tunnel bends sharply to the right, and around the corneryou see a little oldmanwitha longbeard, coweringbehind a large wi&er basket. The basket is tied to a rope, the other end of which disappears into the ceiling. The old man sounds very worried as he says, 'Do not a ttack me, stranger- I pose no threat to you. I am here slmply to help you- If you would be so kind as to offer me some sort of remuneration, I will gladly haul you up in the basket to the upper level. And believe me, thai is where you ought to be.' If you wish to give the man somethiflg flom your backpack for his services, turn to 160. If you would rather walk past him down the tunnel, tum to 2Eo. 18E The tunnel starts to slope downwards and finally comes to an end at a deep pool enclosed by the tunnel wall. If vou can remember the spirit gill's Poem, turn to 155, If you have not seen the spirjt gll, turn to 224. First ORC Second ORC Ifyou win, turn to 257. SKILL STAMINA 55 64 189-19o 189 The Orc's morning star sinks agonizingly rnto vour left thigh Lose I srAMrNA pornts You stagger backwards, but mana8€ to regaln vour balance in time to defend yourseif fortunately, the tunnel is too narrow forboih Orcs toattackyouatonce Fight them one at a time aga-L94 aga Roll two dice If the total is less than eight, turn to 152 If the total is eight orhigher, turnto12l. 192 Walking along the tunnel, vou notice an iron grilie in the floor. Ifyou $'ish io stop andllftit up, tum to 12o If vou prefer to keep walking, turn to 292. 493 The acid burns through your stomach wall, eahng rts way into your vltal organs You collapse unconScious, never to recover Your adventure ends hete. 494 On a stone led8e in the tunnel wali you see two dusty Jeather-bound books Throm grunts his contempt for the written word, urging you to leave the books and hurry on. Will vou: Open the red leatherbook? Turn to 52 Open the black leather book? Turn to 138 Continue north along the tunnel? Tum to 369 190 Your body vibrates wildll. and you are unabie to stop yourself passing out. Lose J sraMrNA points. l{you are still alive, turn to 50 a95-196 495 You draw vour sword and rush towards the old man He raises his left arm and suddenly you hit and bounce off an invisible shield. 'Do not be {oolish, my powers are great,' the old man says calmly. 'lf you do not believe fte, watch this,'From out of nowhere a flying fist appears, which smashes lnto your face before ,vou can duck. Lose 1 srAMrNA point. You shake your head and rub yourjarv. You appear to have no alternative but to try to answerhis question. Tuin to 382, 19b You raise vour shield in front of you just in time to protect yourseff from a vollev of spikes released from the Manticore's tail and aimed straLght at your herrt. They \inl intu your rhield and you remJin unharmed. Swiftly you draw your sword and advance on the Manticore. r97-499 197 Mercifully, the tempeiature now starts to drop rapidly, and soon it feels almost cool again. On the left-hand side of the tunnel is a closed door. Ithas a small iron phte in it, whrch might possibly slide oPen. wlll you: Try to open the door? Try to slide the iron plate? Continue north up the tunnel? 198 outof the room and up the tunnel. Tum to 2Jo. ag9 The crossbow bolts are far too many to evade. Roll one die to determine the number oi bolts that sink lnto your body, and lose 2 srAMrNA points for each one. If you arc stitl alive, you must rist here a long time to recover from your wounds. Lose I LucK point. When you eventually feel strong enough to carry on/ you leave the loom and continue west along the tunnel. Tum to 74. Turn to r7r Turn to 156 Turn to 326 MANTICORE s(ILL 11 I{ you win, tum to j64. STAMINA 11 200-202 200 The door opens into a small room with a sttawcovered floor In the centre of the room there is a large draped cage standlng some two metres high. There is a cord fired to the top of the drape which runs up through an ron ng in the ceiling and hangs down to the floor If you wish to pull the drape up, turn to 321 If you would prefer to leave the room and head notth along the tunnel, tum to 3a6. 204 You search through the cupboards and boxes in Ivy's room, but you find nothing except for an old bone. A door lies in the edrt r alloflhechamberdnd you decide to leave, taking the old bone with you if you wish. You now find yourself standing at the end of another tunnel. Turn to 3o5. 202 The cobra's reactions are quickerthan yours, and its hnoded hedd \hoot\ forwdrd to biie you. ll..t yorl Luck. ll yorl are Lucky, turn Lo 1E. If you are Unlucky, tum to 42 2O1-205 203 You stagBer to your {eet and draw your sword You are only just in time, for the fearsome beast is closing in on you fast This is going to be one of the tou8hest fights of your life. PIT FIEND sKtLl 12 STAMINA 15 206-2O7 206 The stalactites continue to {a11 all around you, but you haven't enough stfength to do more than crawl towards the archway Suddenly you feel an arm around your waisL picking you up, and realize in Your semi-conscious state that Throm is carrying you. He lays you down in the safety of the tunnel and tends your wounds. You decide to eat some of your Provisions to help regain your strength, and you also &ive one porhon to Throm in gratitude for his rescuing you He apologizes {or starting the rock-fall and offers you his hand to shake. Desplte the pain, you manage a smile and shake his hand. When you have finally recovered, you stand up and head east, with Throm leading the way. Turn to 60. 207 You take offyour shirt and tear it in hal{. You wrap a piece around each foot to give yourself some sort of protection against the cofiosive slime, and dash across it in giant leaps. On the firm ground beyond the slime, you lrantically try to ip the burning shirt off your feet with your sword. However, some of the slime has eaten its way through to your ankle. Lose 3 sreurul points. Sethng off north again, you come td a junction If you wish to go west, tum to 386 I{ you wish to continue north, turn to 218. lfyou win, turn to 258. 204 There is an unseen pressure plate on top of the plinth, and as soon as the skull is put back on it, the device is sprung. Immediately the crossbows release a shower of bolts across the room Tesl yo,r' lrck. If you are Lucky, turn to 131. lI you are Unlucky, turn to 199. 205 Running after the Leprechauns, you hear more laughter, onlynowitisbehindyou. Youlookround and see six more Leprechauns emerging from be hind a hidden door in the tunnel rvall Suddenly, yet another Leprechaun drops on your back hom a ledBe fixed to the ceiling. Shaking him offyour back, you drawyour sword, whereupon the Leprechauns laugh even louder. If you wrsh to attack them, turn to 306. II you would rather try to walk past them, turn to 161. 208-210 208 The door swrngs open into the room, and you step backandjump over thepit You put the rope rn your backpack and lump back over the pit to leave the room and head north Tum to326. 209 You are dismayed to find that not onl)' are all your remarning Provisions safuiated and inedible, but one of the treasures you found is missing, Cross off one item on your Equipment List, or one of your jeu,els or potions. You carefully repack your re maining possessions and set off north again Turn to 356. 2ao You enter a room in which a manin tattered clothing is standing chained to the wall by hrs left arm. You see thathisright handis missingand realize thathis mlrst be the hand nailed to the door Pleading for mercy, he cowers back from you as far as hrs charns will allow. If you wish to cut him free ftom his chains, turn to 27. If you would rather leave the room to head north, tum to 78 IVY sKrLL 9 STAMTNA 9 2aa-243 You malage to free yourself from lv]r's grip and draw your sword Picking up a broken stool as a weapon, she advances towards you, 2a4-2a6 214 Walking along, you see d red line Painted across the lunnel floor ind notice d sign on the wall which reads: 'No weapons beyond this Point' If you wish to abandon any weapons before continuing north, turn to J89. If you would rather ignore the notice and carry on north, turn to 181. 245 Your sword easily pierces the thin outer casing of the giant spore ball. A thick brown cloud of sPores bursts out ofthe ball andenvelops you. Some ofthe spores stick to Your skin and start to ltch teribly. Great lumps come up on your face and arms, and your skin feels as if it is on fire. Lose 2 5TAMINA points. Frantically scraichinB your itching lumPs ytru step over the now deflated spore ball and head east Tum to 13. 2a6 to J16 Ifyou win, turn to 2o1. 242 Gripping the rope firmly, you step back to take a runningjump. However, in the dim light you do not notice that someone has cut the rope almost in two just a little way above the section you are holding. As you swing out across the pit it suddenly breaks, and you scream with fearas you plunge headlong to the depths below. Tum to 285. 243 The tunnel soon divides into two. You hear a buzzing sound coming ftom the western branch. If you wish to walk west to investigate who or what is making the noise, turn to ro8. If vou would rather continue north, turn to 14. The passage slowly stafts to climb, leading you relentlessly northwards. You do not come across a single junction. There are no doorways or even an alcove to investigate, and you become less guarded as you plod on. After a while you become so non chalant thatyou fail to notice a thin tripwire stretched low across the passage. It is only when your foot catches it and you hear a distant rumble that you realize your mistake. The rumbling sound swells to an almost deafening level, and suddenly out o{ the gloom of the tunnel ahead you see a masstve boulder roiling towards you, gathering speed with everysecond. Droppingyourshieldif youhaveone (lose l sKrLL point), you tum to flee the oncomrng boulder Turn to 36 218 You soon arrive at a double door in the left hand wall You listen at the door but hear nothing You try the handle, it turns and you open the left door slightly and peer through the crack. An armed warrlor is lying face down on the floor of a bare room with smooth walls and a lol{ ceiling. He is presumablv dead, for he makes no movement even u,hen you call out io him. A large jewel, perhaps a dramond, lies just be,vond his outstretched arm. lI you wish to enter the room and take the jewel, turn to 65 If vou would rather continue north, turn to 252 249-224 249 The pain'in your lungs forces you to rise to the surface for air. Unfortunately, one of the Troglodvtes sees you and yells to his comrades You watch helplessly as the bowmen take aim, and a hail of arrows falls on you with fatal impact. Your lifeless body floats down-river, down -intci the hidden depths of the mountain. 220 A dull 'bong' sounds ftom the bell like a death toll. Evbrything around you starts to vibrate, and you Brit your teeth as your head too starts to shudder Your whole body is trembling and you fall to the floor. You quiver and shake, w thing convulsively on the floor as the vibiations intensify. Lose 2 s(rLL points and 2 STAMINA points. You search desperately for a way of stopping the bell. Will you: You recognize the beast it is a MANTICORE Taking heed o{ the poem's warning, you watch out {or its tail which sprouts a pro{usion ofsharp spikes, thick and hard as iron bolts, at its tip. lf you have a shield, turn to 196. If you are not carrying a shield, turn to 6. --t You step confidently on to the first pole and stride across to the next As you land on the third pole, it immediately releases a shower of shary splinte$, each several centimetres long. Lose 2 LUcK points. They fly outin all directions at great speed, andyou cannot avoid being hit. Roll two dice for the number of splinters that sink into your flesh. Each one reduces your STAMINA by one point l{ you are still alive, you mana8e to scramble over the remaining poles and sit down to the pain{ul task of removing the splinters lron your body. After resting for a while, you set offeast again. Turn to 31j. 224 There does not appear to be any way of travelling furthernorth. You turn around and walk back down the tunnel, passing the wooden chair. You soon arrive at the junction and turn right to head west. Turn to 43. Screarn as loud as you can? Try to deaden the bell with yourboot? Turn to 61 Turn to j45 224 The tunnel leads into a damp, high-ceilinged cavem with a rock-strewn floor. Long dripping teeth-like stalactites hang down threateningly, their constant d pping creating milky pools on the floor. The tunnel caries on throu8h an archway carved in the shape ofa demonic mouth.lfyou wish to search the chamber, tuIn to 374. If yon would rather head shai8htfor the archway, tum Lo 60. BLOODBEAST sKtL 12 STAMINA 10 225-227 You react quickly and manage to cleave the Bloodbeast's outstretched tongue with one swipe of your blade The beast screams in pain and hurls itsel{ forward to try and clasp you between itsblood-filled jaws. This will be a fiSht to the death. 22E-229 228 You reach down into the hole. Suddenlyyour blood runs cold as you feel something warm and sticky wrapping itself around your arm. You manage to pull your arm out of the hole, but a hideous tentacled limb with unbelievably strong suckers is clingrng to your arm. By the time you manage to cut yourself [ree, your arm ls trembling with pain Tesf yolLr Luck. If yo.u are Lucky, tum to 15o. If you are Unlucky, turn to 33 . 229 As soon as yourhead goes underthe blue light, you hear the sound of muffled voices. The {aces are no longer laughing, but have changed their expressions to ones of despai and anguish. A young girl's sad {ace hovers in front o{ you, and she be8ins to whisper a poem. Transfixed you listen intently, believing that she has a special message for you as she recites: 'When corridor doth water meet, Do not make a quick refueat. Take a breath and jump deep in I{ your Trial you hope to win.' Memorizingthe spirit girl'spoem, you step throu8h the shaft of light and quickly head on north Turnto ao7. As soon as you win your first Attack Round, Iesl your Luck. Il you arc Lucky, tum to 97. If you are Unlucky, turn to 21. 225 The meat contains herbs which will increase your stren8th. Add 3 to your STAMTNA score. You may either walk over to the alcove if you have not done so already - furn to 41 - or leave the chamber to continuewest turn to 83 Still smiling, the old man looks at you. 'Wrong,'he says quietly. Turn to 85. 230 The tunnel starts to widen, and ahead you see it open into a huge cavern ftom where you can hear the sound of many high-pitched voices. You creep up to the entrance and take a look inside. There are about twenty tiny people with long noses and ears runningin acircle around a large golden e{Iigy. Will you: Walkup and talk to them? Try to creep past them? Drink a Doppelganger Potion (if you have one)? TuIn to 5 TurTt to 385 214 You find a pool behind the dead Hobgoblins and take great gulps of the cool water as fast as you can. This neutralizes the acid and slowly you begin to recover. Still in pain, you standupand setoffnoth. Turn to 11o If you are unarmed, turn to 286 If you still have your weaPons/ tutn to 32o. 2t3-215 You break off a large piecJif the mushroom and biie into it eagerly. lmmediately your stomach feels bloated and you can even see it beginning to bulge below yourbelt. Your whole body starts to exPand, bursting out of your clothes with a loud ripping sound You grow biSger and bigger, and soon yout face is pressed against the ceiling. The mushrooms you have eaten are much sought after bywizards for their growth potions, but to you they spell doom. You are too large ever to leave the cellar, and your adventure ends hete ' 234 A little fartheronyou cometo a sectionofthe tunnel which is covered with thick green slime. It looks threatening, so you decide to testit lirst with a piece o{ cloth- The slime's conosive jelly bums the cloth instantly, leaving no trace. Ifyou are carrying a pair of stilts, tuln to 183. If you do not have them, turn to 207. 235 You have no time to reactbefore the dart thuds into your thigh Lose z sr,r.wrNe. points. lf you are still alive, turn to 73. .>;; 46-48 216 The fist retracts and prepares to strike again. With your frge hand you draw youi sword and hy to cut the handle of the door. Although you do not recognize it, you a re being attacked by the fluid form ofan I\4TTATOR. IMITATOR As soon as you win your first Attack Round, turn to ]a4. -t/ The tunlel rnakes a sudden left turn and continues north for as far as you can see, You soon a ive at a closed wooden door in the left-hand wall. lf you wish to open the door, turn to 12. I{ you would rather keep BoinB north, tum to 1oo. 21E As you fall, you manage to grab the rope with your hands. Slowly you haul youmelfover to the far side and scramble up on to the floor. You lift the helmet off the pole and put it on your head. It has been made by a highly skilled ironsmith. Add r sxrrr point. Not vr'ishing to risk walking back across the tighhope, you decide to crawl along it. Safely back on firm dround, you step through the archway and head north up the tunnel. Turn to 291. s(rLL 9 STAMINA 8 239-244 239 Not much farthbr down the tunnel you come to a closed door on your left. Putting your ear to the door, you listen intently but hear nothing. If you wish to open the door, turn to 1o2. lf you wish to keep walking north, turn to j44. 240 You look down and see the crumpled bodies of the two Flying Guardjans lyngmotionless on the floor You start to pdse out the idol's emerald eye with the hp of your sword. At last it comes ftee and you are surprised byits weight when itfalls into your hand. Hoping it may be of use later, you put 1t in your backpack. If you now wish to pdse out the right eye, turn to 34. lfyou would rather climb down the idol, turn to 89 244 A brown velvet curtain is draped over an archway in the eastern wall of the tunnel. If you wish to pull back the curtain and walk through the archway, turn to 39J. Ifyou would rather continue north, turn to 29aYou shake your head, tryin8 desperately to stop yourself ftom blacking out, but the heatis too much for you irnd you {a11 unconscious to the floor. Roll two dice If the total is the same as or less than your 5KILL, turn to 48. I{ the total is greater than your sKrLL, tum to 365. 241 Covering your nose and mouth with your hand to avoid breathing in thb gas, you follow the Gnome through theopen door You enter anothertunnel, at the end of which is the welcome sight of daylight. Much to your surp se, you see the Gnome lying dead halfway down the tunnel. A crossbow bolt protrudes from the side ofhis head. The Gnome, in hisbid for freedom, has fallen foul o{ Baron Sukumvit's final trap. You walk past him and out into b lliant sunshine. Turn to 4oo. 244 He takes your Gold Piece and tells you that in a northern funnel there is a wooden chair carved in the shape ofa demon bird.In the arm of the chat is a secretpanelwhichcontainsapotionina glassphial 'lt's a Doppelganger Potion, if I remember right. Good luck. I hope we meet again outside these inlernal tunnels.'The man shuffles off and you continue yourjourney. Turn to 1o9. 245-246 245 You have no choice but to open the door, as the wall is foo smooth to dimb. Taking a deep breath, you turn the handle and enter a sand covered pit. There, standing some ten metres tall on its huge hind legs in lront of large double doors in the opposite wall, rs an enormous dinosaurlike monster, It has a iough, moitled green hide and a mouth lined wrth razor sharp ieeth. Its jaws open and close with bone snapping power, and even you cannot help trembling as you approach it with your sword drawn, PIT FIEND SKILL 12 STAMINA 15 Ifyou win, turn to 258 246 De\piLe being d5 cdreful as possible. lour leg brushes agarnst one of the poles It lmmediately releases a shower of sharp splinters, each several .entimetres long. Lose 2 LUCK points. They fly out at great speed and in all directions, and you cannot avoid being hit Roll two dice tor the number of splinters that sink into your flesh. Each splinter reduces your srAMrNA by one point: lfyou are still alive, you sit down to the painful task of removing the splinters from your bodybefore setting offeast. Turn to 313. 247-248 MANTICORE 249-25o 249 You just have time to hear the Gnome say, 'One crown and two skulls', before a white bolt ofenergy shoots out from the lock into your chest, knocking vou unconscious. Roll one die, add 1 to the number and reduce your srawr^Ie by the total If you are still alive, you come to and are toldbv the Cnome to try a8ain. You know you placed one gem in the coDect slot, butwhich one?Yousigh and tentahvely try a new combrnaLion. c Sapphire Emerald Diamond Diamond Sapphire Emerald Turn to 15 Turn to 392 Turn to 177 Tum to 287 Turn to 1J2 Turn to 249 Turn to 44 Tum to 195 Turn to 382 Emerald Diamond Dramond Sapphire Sapphire Emerald Emerald Sapphire Diamond Emerald Sapphire Dramond 250 .\s you run for the door, the old man calls out behind you, 'Do not run, nobodyescapes me. Stop, or I shall turn vou to stone this instantl' Will you: s(ILL 11 STAMINA 11 If you win, turn to 364 248 The doors open into a tunnel running north You r lo.e the doors behind you and .et oll once aBain Turn to 214 Kopn r,n n,nnin02 Turn to attack him with your s\^'ord? Tell him vou will answer his question? 25a-253 -Jl Once again the myste ous voice calls out, only this time, to your great surprise, in a {arless thteatening tone, 'Good, my master likes those 'ho show sPtrit Take this gift to help you It will grant you one w1sh, but one wish only. Farewell 'A gold ring magtcally appears out ofnowhere and lands atyour feetwith a gentle tinkle. You pick it up and put it on one ofyour fingers. The door opens and you step back into the tunnel to continue north. TuIn to 344. The tunnel contrnues norlh for quite a distance before coming to a dead end. The mouth of a chute protrudes ftom the western wall, and it appears to be the only alternative to turning back. You decide to risk it and climb into the chute. You slide Sently down and emerge into a room, landing on your back. Turn to 9o. You take the bone out of yourbackPack and throw it down the stairs The barking grows louder, changingto snarlsand growlswhen the bone lands on the floor. You walk slowly down the stePs with your sword drawn and see two huge black GUARD DOGS fighting ovet thebone. You run quickly past them and on down the tunnel. Tum to 315 254-256 254 You draw your sword and advance slowly towards the huge, slimy Rock Grub. ROCK CRUB SXILL 7 If you wrn, turn to Z5 You may Es.ape after two Attack Rounds by running west down the tunnel. Turn to 117. , 256 Remembering the old man's advice, you search the arm of the chair for a secret panel You find an almostinvisible crack in the am, which you start to press and squeeze. Suddenly a Liny panel springs ouf of the arm and you see a glass phia] Iying in a cavity You pick it out and read the label: 'Doppelganger Potion - one dose only. This liqurd will make you assune the shape of any nearby living being.' You place the strange potion in your backpack and continue north Turn to i88 255 As you run round the na ow path, you suddenly start to feel dizzy. The gas from the pool is taking effect: your vision starts to Lrlur and you lose vour balance. You are only half aware of the Bloodbeasfs tongue as it wraps itselfaround your leg and drags ) ou into the pool of \[me. After being predigesLed b1 the vile slime, the hideou: Bloodbea:t will consume you atits leisure. 257-260 Inside one of the Orcs' pockets you find one Cold Piece and a hollou' \\,ooden tube. You prlt vour findings in vorLr backpack and set off lvest lurn to 1b4 258 You are exhausted and sit clolvn for a rest on the tail oI the dead beast Lookin8 clown at your feet, you suddenly notice an iron rin8 poking up through the sand. If you wish to pull the iing, turn to 95. If you would rather leave the pit via the double doors, tum to 248 259 Ignoring the pain, vou run on. Ahead you see an underground river running east to west through the cavern, with a wooden bddge crossing over it. You look behind and see the Troglodl.tes in hot pursuit Ifyou u'ish to run overthebridge, tum to 118 I{you u'ish to dive inio the river, iurn to 47. 260 You just manage to gmb the idol's earlobe and regain vour footinB. You scramble over jts face and sit down on the bridge of its nose You draw your sword and consider which jewelled eye to prise out first Ifyou wish toprise out the lefteye, turn to 166 If ),ou wish to prise out the right eye, turn to 14o 26r-26j 26r :lorthern lvall and L'nter the tunnel Tum fu 2j9_ 262 The door opens into another tunnel running north. Ahead you see tw() stone fountains, one on either side oI the tunnel, carued in the shape of cherubs. Watei spouts fron their mouths and cascacles into :mall borvls at their feet Will \'ou: Drink at the Iourltain on yoor left? Drink at the fountain on your nght? Conlinue your lvalk north? Turn to 337 Turn to 123 Turn to 368 263 The door opens into another tunnel. Walking west, i ou soon aril'e at a door in the north rvall If vor.r t:rh t,, rrpen thc door, turn t,' r53 lf vou nrruld rather continue west, turn to 74. 264-267 264 Ahead in the dim light you see two HOBGOBLINS righting, punching and kicking each other furlously. There is a leather baglyingon thefloor, and rt seems to be this that the], are fighting over. Will you: fry to talk to them2 Turn to r3o Attack them with your sword2 Turn to 51 Trv to slip by them unnoticed? Turn to 355 265 You rub your nugic ring and wish for the Mifor Demon to be transported back to its own world, ruever to return. Still advancin€i towards you, it starts to shrmmer and fade away. Then it vanishes completely, and you are able to continuevour quest north- Turn to 122- 266 You search through the cupboards and boxes 1n lvy's room, but you find nothirlg except an old bone, whrch you may take with yoLL iI you wlsh. Leaving the chamber by the east door, vou now find yourself sta nding at the end ofanother tunnel. Turn ro 3o5. 267 The tunnel ends shortly at a junction Looking left rnJ right. \ ou see r narrow pa..age disappearinB :nto the dim distance Iivouwish toheadwest, turn :.r 152. Ifvou wish to go east, turn to 68. 268-27o 268 You leap foiward and try to grabtheleader to use as a hostage. However, the Troglodytes are ready for your move, and six of their bowmen immediately shoot their arrows at you- Their aim is deadly accurate and all six arrows find their mark. Lifeless, you fall to the floor. The Troglod]'tes have ended your joumey abruptly. 2b9 You empty the contents of the jar into your hand and apply them to your u'ounds. Their healing powers take immediate effect and you feel yourself growlng stronger. Add 3 sr.lrlrul Points lI you havenotdone so alreadv, you may eithereat the rice and drink the water turntollo orleave thehall, taking iust the diamond with you tum to 127 270 The lid ofthe box lifts off easil1,. Inside you find two Gold Pieces and a note written on a small plece of parchment addressed to you. After Placing the gold in your pocket, you read the message, which says: 'Well done At least you have the sense to stoP and take advantage of the token aid given toyou. Now I can advise you that you will need to {ind and use several iterns if you hope to pass triumPhantly through my Deathtrap Dungeon. Signed Sukumvit ' Memorizing the advice on the noie, you tear it jnto hny preces and continue north along the tunnel. TuIn to 56 Iustas you ate about to release the shield and throw il over Lhe pit. it slips from vour fingers dnd rolls awav. You dre unable to catch it before il fdlls over time but head off east. Turn to 237. rvill consume you at its leisure. 273-274 -/t Thewooden ball smashes into the skull, knockingit ofl the plinth and on to the floor. Much to vour surp se, the crossbows do not release thefu deadly bolts. You step into the room cautiously and pick the skull up off the floor You recognize the yelloB ie$'elled eyes as topaz, andeagerlypluck themftom thelr sockels You put them in your backpack, wonderin8 I{'hether or not a trap still awaits you in the room. Willyou: Get down on all fours and crawl out of the room holding fhe skull? Replace the skull on the plinth before leaving the room? 274 You step nervously on to the rope, not daring to look down. Halflvay actoss, you start to panic and lose your footing. Roll two dice If the total is the same as or less than your sxrl-I-, tum to 23E. If the totalis higher than your sKrLL, turn to j59 275-277 Thick smoke rises up from the floor where the acid has fallen irom the brnken jug. Yor,r crawlalung the 'l,x'r dc\perriely trUng to frnd drinldble wdtcr in lhe shallow pools of rhe dnppints iunnel. ft.,r -y(.r/ /ft41. ll vorr are Lucly. tum tL,2?r. lf you are Unlur ky. lLrrn to lo9. 276 1t l9y try to charge down the door with your shoulder, you hear the shrieking voices oa the Tro€ilodytes coming down the tinnel. you are trapped and draw your sword. The Troglodytes approach you, ther bows drawn, and a hail of arrows strikes you with fatal impact. your lifeless body^slumpr tn thq ground in thc depth\ ot DerthraP uUngeon. 277 Tum to 15 Turn to 2o4 278-28o 2?8 Your blade strikes one oI the Bloodbeast's real eyes with devastatin8 effect. It slumpsbackinto its pool, thrashint about in a frenzy. You seize your opportunity and run round the side o{ the pool to the funnel exit. Tllrn to 134. 279 You a[ive at a junction in the tunnel Anewbranch leads west, but the wet footpdnts you have been following contrnue nofth. You decide to keep following the footpdnts. Turn to 32 280 The tunnel continues east for quite a long way before reaching a junction. The walls, ceiling and floor of the tunnel leading south are covered with a thick green slime You decide it would be safer to head north. Turn to 218. 2E1 2E1 With one swipe ofyour trusty blade you behead the Boa Constrictor. You uncoil its massive body from around lhe Elf dnd tD to recu\citale her. Her eyes open a little, but you can see that there is no hope She looks at you and smiles, then says in a whisper, 'Thankyou I know it's too late for me, but I \,\' ttell you what I have learned. Your way out lies ahead, but you need gems to unlock the final door One of them is a diamond, but I do not know what the others are. Alas, I have not found a diamond, but would urge you to look for one. Cood luck ' Her eyescloseandshe slumps downon to thecold floor. You watch sadly as she breathes her last Knowing she would not mind, you take two of her daggers and search her leather backpack. lnside you find some unleavened bread, a mirrorand a bonecharm in the shape of a monkey If you wish to eat the bread, turn to j99 If you would rather just take the mirror and charm and return to ihe tunnel to head north, tum to 192. 282-284 282 The tunnel soon ends at a junction Standin8 there alone andwondedng whichway to go is one ofyour dvals.lt is one ofthe Barbarrans You call out to hlm, but ai first he does not answer, he merely stares at you coldl,v, his hands firmll' gnpprng his axe You walk up to him and askwhich way he is heading. He grunts his reply, saying that he is going west, and you may go u'ith him if you wish. If you would like to head west with the Barbarian, turn to 22 If you h'ould rather decline his offer and head east alone, turn to 388. 283 You have to squeeze yoursel{ deep into the crack to conceal yourself completely. From thrs cramped position you are unable to see the owner of the {eet that shuffle slonly by. A minute later all is quiet again, so you pull youmelfback out into the tunnel and head west. Tuin to 1o9- 284 Have you drunk a potion found in a black leather book? lf you have, turn to 398. If you have not swallowed this potion, tum to 57. 285-2E7 2E5 You land heavily on your back, but luckily your backpack cushions vour fall. Lose I sI(rLL point and 2 srAMrNA points. The darkness is almost pitch black at the bottom of the pit, and you crawl along the floor, groping in front of you. Suddenly your hand touches something cold, hard and smooth The object is smallandround, butyou cannotfigure out what it is. You place it in your backpack, hoping to see what jt is once out of the pit You conhnue to crawl forward and soon reach the pit wall. lt is too smooth to clihb, and you have to cut hand- and toe-holds in it with your sword. This takes a long time, but finally you cLmb out ofthe pit on the east side. You immediately check out the object in your backpack, and discover that you have found an orb of blood-red ruby You are absolutely delighted and head off east in high spirits, rn/histhnB softly under your breath Turr. to 217. 286 It was obviously a mistake to drop vour weapons earlier, but at least you can now take those of the dead Ninia. You select one of his long knives and his long curved sword Ils steel culting edge is e\ceptionally hard, and you cannot help but admire its awesome beauty Add 4 sKrLL points and turn to 320 287 You just have time to hear the Gnome say, 'One crown and two skulls', before a white bolt of energy 268 shoots out from the lock into your chest, knocking youunconscious Roll one die, add r to the number and reduce your srAMtNA by the total lf you are still alive, you come to and are told by the Gnome to try a8ain. You know you Placed one gem n the correct slot, butwhich one? You sigh and tentatively try a new combination. AB Emerald Diamond Diamond Sapphire Sapphire Emerald Emerald SepPhire Diamond Emerald Sapphire Diamond C Sapphrre Tum to 16 Emerald Tun to 392 Diamond Tum to 177 Diamond Turn to 287 Sapphire Tum to 132 Emerald Tum to 249 288 You look to your left and see Throm standing over the Cave Trolt he has slain. Blood is Pouring out Irom a deep cut inhis shoulder, but it does not seem to worry him. You search the bodies of the Cave I roll<, but find nolhinB apdrt from a bone ring on d leathercord hanginground the neckofone of them. The ring is engraved rvith a symbol which Throm recognizes. He explains that it must have belonged to druids of the north and that an ancient talisman such as this wtll increaseyour Powers ilyourbody is able toacceptit. Throm will not touch it, and advises you to leave it well alone I{ you wish to Put the ring on, turn to 64 lf you would rathel continue east wlth Throm, turn to 221 289-29L 289 The drape rises to the top of the cage and there, to your horror, you see the face of an aged woman whose hair is a mass of seething snakes. lt is the dreaded M E D U S A! Te st llour Lack.Iiyo:u are Ltcky , turn to 216. lfyou are Unlucky, tum to 19. 290 Roll two dice. lf the total is eight, tum to 152. If the total is any number other than eight, turn to 121 294 The tunnel continues noth a long waybefore tuming shary right. Around the corner you come to a dead end. Only the mouth of a wooden chute in the wall offers any hope of further progress. You decide to take a chance and climb into the chute. You slide gently down and emerge into a room, landing on yourback. Tuln to 90. 292-29J 292 A door comes into view in the left-hand wall of the tunnel You listen carefully at the door but hear nothlng. The door is not locked and the handle tumseasily.If you wish to open the door, h.rrn to 93. If you would rather keep walking along the hrnnel, rurn to 23o, 29J Following the three sets ofwet footprints along the west passage of the tunnel, you soon afiive at a junction. If you wish to continue west, following two sets of footprints/ turn to 137. If you wish to head north, following the third set of footprints, turn to 382. 294-295 294 You ?ull the dagger from your belt with your hee hand and hack at the Bloodbeast,s tongue. The beast screams in pain and rolls forward as far as ii can to try and clasp you between its blood-filled jaws. You must fight it from the floor with your dagger. Reduce your sKrLL by 2 during this combat because you are not fighting with your sq,ord. 296-298 296 Ahead you see that the tunnel turns a colner, beyond which it continues north. You stop before the comer, startled by the sound o{ hiSh-Pitched voices whispering and sniggering. II you wish to drawyour sword and lookround thecorner, turn to 49. Ifyou would rather walk back to fhe junction to head north, turn to 241. 297 Losing your hard-ea ed Possessions is becoming a bit of a problem. Lose 1 LUcr< Poini. Withorrt even pausing to thank you, Ivy pushes you out of her chamber through a door in the east wall, and you find yourself standing at the end of another tunnel. Turn to 3o5. 298 You see a backpack propped up agalnst the tunnel wall. You wonder i{ it belongs to one ofyoff vals Ifyou wish to look inside the backPack, tuIn to 3o4 lfyou would rather conlinue north, turn to 279 BLOODBEAST sKrLL 12 STAMTNA 10 As soon as you win your first Attack Round, Tesi uout I u,k. ll you are I ucly. tum to 97. If vou dre Unlucky, tum to 21. 295 I I I 299-3oo 299 The dooropens into a large chamber, where you are shocked toseeone of your vals, whohasobviously meta sudden gory death.Itis one of the Barbarians, and he is impaled on severalong lron spikes which are fixed to a frame that has sprung out of the floor A lot of rubbish and debris litters the floor, concealing a hidden trip wire which he must have stepped on and thus released the spiked frame. ln the far wall is an alcove, rn whichyoucan see a silver goblet standing on a small wooden table. Will you: Tum to 126 Turn to 41 Turn to 83 Joo You swing your sword against the miffor with all youl might, but to no ef{ect. the mirror does not break, and the MiIIor Demon keeps advancing. If you wish to try and smash the minor again, turn to r4r. If vou would rather attack the Mirror Demon instead, turn to J27. Walk over to search the Barbarian? Walk towards the alcove? Close the door and continue we3t? 394-3o2 304 Thepipe iswet and slimy, butyou crawloninto the danl darkness, slithering and sliding as you go. Suddenly your hand touches something hard and square which feels as ifitis made ofwood. Itrattles as you shake it, and you decide you must be holding a box. Ifyou wish to crawl back out o{ the pipe and examine your find, turn to 162 lI you would rather press on turther down the pipe, taking the box with you to examine later, fum to 4. Jo2 After about twenty minutes the Dwarfreappears on the balcony. He calls down to you, saying, 'Well, I do have an interesting problem on my hands Prepare to fight your next opponent.' The wooden door ses once again and you are surp sed to see a familiar face lt is Throml He is cut and badly bruised, and doesn't seem to recognize you. He is clearly delirious as he staggers forward wiih his axe raised lo attack you The Dwarf laughs and says, 'The cobra bit him, but he has the strength of an ox and managed to carry on, even though most men wouldhave died. Now you must fight him to decide finally whi ch of you will con tinue the Trial of Cham pions.' You shout abuse at the Dwart protesting against the cruelty of such a contest. He merely laughs, and you have no option but to defend yourself against poor Throm. THROM sKrLL 10 slAMlNA 12 Despite his wounds, Throm is immensely strong. If you win, tum to 379. 303-Jo4 10J With your {ree hand, you reach into your backpack and take out the jug. Uncolking it with your teeth, you pour the acld over the door, which is in fact the fluid form of an IMITATOR A jet oI smoke rises from it with a loud hissing sound as the acid immediately starts to bum the Imitator. It melt. rapidly and vou dre able Lo sLep a\^ay unharmed. Having no other choice, you somewhat apprehensively tum the handle of the other door. Turn to 262 304 your mounting Panic, and are horrified to see a BLACK WIDOW SPIDER. Before you can shake it off, it sinks its poisonous fangs deePintoyourw st Lose 6 STAMINA points. Ifyou are still alive, furn to 2(,. 3o5-306 105 The tunnel ends at a fliEiht of stone steps leading downwards From the floor below you can hear the sound of barking do8s. Have you Bot an old bone wrth your If you have, turn to 253. [{ you have n6t, tun to 148 306 Before you can take a sin8le step towards the Leprechauns, one of them throws some sparkling dust at you. You are immediately ftozen to the spot, unable to move a muscle You watch helplessly as the Leprechauns rummage through your backpack and run of{ with all your possessions, leaving your backpack empty. Lose 2 Luc( points. About an hourlater the fueezingeffectof the dustwears off and feeling reiurns to your limbs. You are angry at your loss and stomp oif norlh, determined to have your revenge- Turn to 29 1o7-1ao 107 The cupboard contains a wooden mallet and ten iron spikes, which you put in your backpack while wondering u'hich door to operl If you wish to open the u'est door, turn to 263 If you wish to open the north door, tum to 1J6- 308 The Medusa shrieks as vou enter her cage, keeping Vour eyes firmly closed and slashing your sword wildlv fuom side to side. You feel the blade sink deep into her side and hear a loLld thud as she slumps heavily to the ground. You open your eyes again and shudder at the sight of the prostrate fLgure of the Medusa. Her gorvn is tbstened by a large brooch bearing a single bright fed gem It is a garnet, and you prise it out of its sethnS, Put it in ),our pocket and leave the room to head north Turn to 315. 309 You scramble frantrcally around the floor in search of a pool oI water, but do not find one. The acid burns with a searingpain deep downinyour throat Lose J srAMrNA points. II you are shll alive, Iesl rlour Luck Il you are Lucky, turn to 231. I{you are Unlucky, turn to 193. 3ao You reach the far wall oI the chamber and see two doors Ifyou wish to open the door tovoLLr leit, turn to fj9- If you wish to open the door to your right, turn to 262. 3aL-344 3aa The Barbanan reluctantly agrees to your alternative suggestion You both step back and take running jumps over the pit Landing safel)' on the other side, you continue down the tunnel. The Barba an, who is leadrng the way, suddenly stumbles on a floor stone which tilts forr^,ard, triggering a boulder loosely set in the ceiling It crashes down on top o{ hrm, knocking him to the floor and crushing his skull. You must continue your quest alone. Turn to The razor-sharp disc whistles past your head and bites deep into one of the pillars. Turning to lace your would-be assassin, you prepare yourself as he advances, his long sword drawn. NINJA SKTIL 1I If you wrn, tu to232. STAMINA 9 343 The tunnel ends at a junction. The footpdnts you have been following turn north and you decide to stay \ iith them Tumto12. 344 Your sword cleaves the handle and, beingseparated from its parent body, you watch the membrane shrivel away and drop on to the floor. Having no other cholce, you somewhat apprehensively hrrn the handle oI the other door. lurn to 262- l' !i i I i ii ii i 345-147 The funnel veers sharply to the left and comes to an end at a high wall in which there is a door. You hear a ferocious roar from the other side o{ the wall and you wonder what gargantuan beast could make such a noise. If you have a coil o{ rope and a glapplingiron, turn to 129. Ifyou do nothave these items, turn to 245. 3a6 The tunnelcontinues forquite a dlstancebefore you reach a junction If you wish to head west into the new tunnel, turn to 295. If you would lather continue nofth, furn to 241. Tappin8 the side of the borehole with your sword, you tread your way b)indly through the sticky slime. You followits twisting and turning course for what seems an age and begin to wonder where it might lead. Suddenly you hear a slithedng sound up ahead. You freeze with fear, your eyes desperately trying to pierce the pitch-black darkness Before you realize whatis happening, youare gipped round the neck by the powerful mandibles of another Rock Grub. It is the mate of the Rock Grub you killed and has been attracted by the smell of blood on your sword. lt squeezes harder until your neck snaps like a small twig. Your adventure ends here, tag-32o 31E After crossing the bridge, you run across the cavern floor. At last you see a tunnel in the far wall, which you race down until you reach its end at a hea\,y wooden door. The door is locked. lf you have an iron key, turn to 86. If you do not have a key, turn to 276. 349 Your armour and sword weigh you downmore than you think. In mid-air you realize with horror that you are not going to reach the other side of the pit. You crash into the side of the pit, some two mekes below the rim, and fumble head over heels to the bottom. Turn to 285. 320 You decide to search the Ninja and find a cloth bag in the folds ofhis robes. Inside it is a flask of water, some rice wrapped in a palm leaf, a jar of ointment and a beautiful diamond. Will you: Eat the rice and drink the water? Turn to 33o Rub some of the ointment into your wounds? Tum to 269 Take only the diamond and leave the hall? Turn to 122 121-32) J21 You plrll thc cord and watch thc Llrapc as it rises up lhe 'ide' r,f.r r iron t age. Ihe\^,,mrn r \ oicc urFcyou to be cllrick, telling vou thaL thc room is boobytrapped so that the floor will lall n$,ay in one minute because of voLlr extra \\'eight. lf yoLr still lvrsh b helF her, turu k) 289. If vou v!ould rather leave the room and head north up the tunnel, tum to J16 322 You prss the wooden chair and soon get back to the juncLion, trrrning right to head wosl Turn to 43 323 After tying thc rope around the rock, vou lo{er )oursoll slo\vl!' to the botbm ot the Pit. Throm retrieves his rope bv shaking it ofi ihe rock, and yoLr set oll totcthcr down the n€\' hrnnel Turn to 194 )24-J25 324 Have you talked to the crippled servant of the Trialmasters? If you have, turn to 256 lf you have not, turn to 79 325 You stand up ancl carrv on dou'n the tunnel. Suddenlv you see dayhght at the end of the tunnel You iun forrt'ard iowards the most beautiful sighi you have seen fora long timc, a clearblue skv nnd green trces. You walk as fast as yor can towards theend of ihe tlmnel and emcrge cxpecting to see tho wclcomirrB sighi of chccring people- Bui there is no hcro's rvelcome {rom thc people all aroLrnd yc'u lhey are alldead. You are strnding in a cold chamber littercd lvith armoured skcletons and bodies Thc exit to |ictory rvas just an illusion. Oniv the corpses of the past advenhlrers are real. Uiterlv dejt'cted, 1'ou \!,alk back tou'ards the tunnel, but hit an iDvisible bnlrier. You are trapped in this Bhoulish place and ilestined to end your days in the chninber o{ the Ltead. 326-127 325 them swings its moming star at you, Roll one die. lf you roll a 1or 2, turn to91 If you ro11 a 3 or 4, turn to 189. Ifyou roll a 5 or 6, tum to 38o. The Mirror Demon, being solelv intent on grabbing your arm, makes no attemptto defend itself. MIRROR DEMON s(rLL 10 STAMINA 1O 4 during any Attack Rourld, the MiEor Demon,s Attack Strength is greater than your own, turn to 8, If you manage to de{eathe Miuor Demon u,ithout it ever winning an Attack Round, tum to 92- 128-329 32E You gaze round Ivy's room. Seeing a Painting of another Troll hanging on the wall, you ask her ifhe is any relation. Suddenly her mood and expression change. She loosens her Brip on you and smiles, saying, 'Oh yes. Thar is my dear beloved brother, Sourbelly He has done very well for himself down south in Port Blacksand. He is now an ImPerial Guard in Lord Azzur's elite troop.l'm veryproudof him.' hry stares at the painting and continues to praise her brother. If you wish to slip out of the chamber through the door in the east wall, furn to 125. lfyou would Fther continue the conversation, rurn ro 99, 129 You step up to the mirror and are amused by your distorted ret'lection Your head looks as latge as a pumpkin and your face is exceedingly stiange. Suddenly, without warning, a terrible Pain Pounds through your head and you try to look away ftom the mifior, butyou are unable to. Some evil force is keeping your eyes glued to yotr own reflectionYou gip your head rvith your hands and realize with horror that it is expanding You can withstand it no longerand, blacking out with the pain, you fall uncon\crou\ lo lhe flour, ncver lo w,rke 130-J32 330 The Ninja's rations are basic but welcome. Add r sraMrNA point. If you have not done so already, vou may either rub some of the oinlment into your rvounds - tum to 269 - or leave the hall, taking just the diamond - turn to i2Z 331 Touching the parchmenthas precisely the effectyou had feared The skeleton lurches forward and, nsing from its chair in a series of jerky movements, raises its s\,\,ord to stdke yolr. Lunging sideways, you draw your sword to defend yourself. SKELETON WARRIOR sKrLL 8 sraMrNA 6 lfyou win, turn to 71. 132 Your gem drops into the pool h,ith a dull 'plop'. As you wait for something to happen, you start to feel faint The gas rising from the pool is toxic, and you slump to the floor unconscious. Test laur Luck. If vou are Lucky, turn to 53 If you are Unlucky, tutn to 272. ,.- ; l 1f3-334 333 You hear footsteps and suddenlv the trapdoor is thrown back. For a fe , seconds you are completelv blinded by the bnghtlight from the room above and do not see the Goblin thrusting his spear dor.vnwards, or hear his sadistic laughter as the poi11t pierccs your neck Your adventure ends here on the stone steps of the tunnel 334 You try to [rrench thc tongue from ,vour leE; $'ith vour bare hands, but fail Slou'l1' yoLl are dragged into the pool of shme, \'\'herc you will be pre' digested and later corlslrmed by the hideous Bloodbeast. 3a5-318 Still running as fast as vou can, you dive into the ri\,ter. Test your L ck Ifyou are Lucky, turn to 67. If You are Unlucky, turn to 1o1 T6 The wdstband was made and cursed by a Hag. lt slows down your reachons and dulls your senses Reduce yorrr sxrLL by 4 point5. You kick the tunnel wall in anger and stomp offnorth. Tum to 298 317 The cool water is refteshing, but comes from a source which has been cursed by a Hag. Add 1 srAMrNA point and lose 2 LUcK poillts. If you have not done so already, you may either ddnk from the other fountain - turn to 17J - or corltmue north turn to 368 fi8 The bodies are those of lwo Orc gtrards At least one oiyolu vals in the lnal ofChampions must still be ahead of you A quick search of the bodies produces nothing apart from a necklace of tceth hanging around the neck of one of the Orcs. lf you wish to wear the necklace vourself, turn to123 Ilyorwould rather set off no h without the necklace, turn to 282. 339-340 139 As you touch the door handle, it goes soft in your hand, and whe you try to pull yoff hand away. you find it is glued to the handle. A giant fist then forms in the centre of the door panel and shoots forward, punching you in the stomach. Lose 1 s'rAMrNA point. lf you have a jug of acid, turn to 3o3. If you do rrot, tuln to 236 J40 Your fear gives you a new surge of energy and somehow your hred legs manage to keep you in front of the boulder Ahead on your ght you see the welcome sight of a door-way. You lunge at the door and mercifully it flies open. The boL der thunders past and you are left lying exhausted on the floor of a large room Tumto381. t41-342 J4a A cdppled man with shackled feet shuft'les into sight car+ng a \'\,ooden tray laden rvith bread and water. He looks tired and miserable and, quite unmoved by the slght ofyou, tries to walk past. \{ill you: Turn to 367 Turn to 3E Offer him some ofyour provisions (ifyou have any left)? Turn to 169 142 Yc.ur reactions are slow because of the poison in your system, and although you try to jump over the outstretched tongue, yourlegs wlll not liftyou hi8h enough The sticky tongue wrapsitself around your leg and starts pulling you towards the pool You are dragged to the ground and are unable to tnsheathe your sword. lf you have a dagger, tulnto294.I{you do not have a dagger, tun1 to 33,1 Talk to him? Take the bread and n'ater off his tray? 34t In thelr twitteing voices, the Troglodytes explain the rules of Run of the Arrow. They rvill shoot an arrow lnto the distance, and you will be allowed to walk unharmed to the point where it lands. However, you must walk barefoot, and you can see that the floor of the cavern is littered with sharp stones As soon asyoureachthe arrow, the Tro8lodytes will start to chase you, and i{ they catch you, they will kill you. Suddenly one o{ the Troglodytes releases anarrorv high into the air Itlands a longway away, and immediately the Troglodytes urge you to walk torvards it. As you walk slowly towards the ariow, you hear the Troglodytes screamrng excitedly be hind you. On reaching the arro\,\', you lookroundto see the Troglo.lytes \,vave their arms in the air and set off after you You start runnrng as fast as you can, vour feetbleedingftom the cuts inflicted by the sharp stones and rocks- Lose 1 srANrrNA point. Ahead you see an undergrour1d rrvel running east to west aaross the cavern floor, wiih a wooden bridge crossingit Ifyou $'ish to run overthe bridge, turn to J18. IfvoLl \a'ish to dive into the river, tllrn to 47 144-346 344 Ihe tunnel hvists and turns but keeps steadily north Ahead vou see a thin shaft of blue light streanrinfi down ftom the ceiling k) the floor. It sparkles and shimners, and you can see inuges of laughing faces in the light If you wish to walk through the light, turn to 229. lf you would rather wirik round the hghL, turn to 1o7 You arc about to enter thc room whci the Potion crf Trap Detecbon begins to work and you are fillecl $'ith a ternble premonition of dangcr. 'lhe room is set u'ith i1 deadllr trap. You decidc not k' go in and contrnue north along the tunncl Tornto252. 34b You pull vour boot off your foot an(i force yourselt to reach up and hold it atainst ihc bell Slowlt' the bell stof.s vibratin8 and the paln in your body qradually eases You mallace k) stand up, but vou d(r not release your boot from the bell until it be comes completelv still You put your boot back on your foot and therl contrnue your jorlrney west I urn to 352- 347-J49 147 The Dwarf shakes his head, saying, 'All bruwn and no brain is not enough to master the Trial ofChampions. I regret you have failed, You will not be allowed to leave in case you impart its secrets to others. However, you have done well to get so far and I will appoint you my servant for the coming years to plepare the dungeon for its new confestants,' 148 You lun8e at the Bloodbeast, .trying to avoid the tongue which flicks out to grab your leg. Roll two dice. If the total is the same as or less than you! sKrLL, tum to 225. If the total is greater than your sKrLL, rurn ro 159. 349 You lower yourself down the rcpe into the pit with one hand, using the other to grip your sword- The Pit Fiend is one of the most fearsome beasts you have ever seen, and you know this is to be one ofthe hardest fights of yourlife. PIT FIEND 9KILI- J2 STAMINA 15 If you win, turll to 258. 350-351 J50 The Giant Fly dives down and setzes you with four of its legs. lt climbs quickly back to the roof of the your STAMTNA score. lfyou are stillalive, you draw your sword just in time as the Giant FIy swoops down to try and recapture you. Tum to 39. The idol is very smooth and will be difficult to climb. Do 1'ou have any rope? If you do, turn to 396. lfyou do not, furn to 186. i i I I I J52-353 352 Ahead you hear the sound of rocks being grcund and crushed. The noise grows louderand suddenly you realize that the wall on your dght is startinB to collapse. Terrified, you watch as a large, hideous worm{ike creature with a gaping mouth and extraordinarily powerful mandibles slithers through a hole in the wall. Its great iaws continue to crunch the rock as it tums its head slowly from side to side, feeling the cool air in the tunnel It appears to be totally blind. but seems to know of your presence, perhaps sensing the heat of your body. lt starts to slithertowards you with its mandibles wide apart to attack. lf you wish b fight rhe ROCK CRUB, turn to 254. lf you would rather run back down the tunnel lo the iunction to head east. turn to 6E. ttJ Before you have time to get out of the way, the boulder smashes into your shoulder. Lose r s<rrr poinL and 4 srAMrNA points. tf you are still alive, turn to 325. 354-56 tta Thepillmakesyou feelas though thewhole world is against l'6L| Lose 2 l-uck points. The Dwarf tells you that vou can nor4 go on to the second stage of the test He reaches for a wicker bas,ket rvhich, he informs you, containsa snake- He tipsupthebaskei and the snake clrops out on to the floor. It is a cobra and it rears up in the air, ready to strike The Dwarf tells you that he wishes to test your reactions You must grasp the cobra bare-handed below its head, avoiding its deadly fangs. You crouch down on the floor, tensin8 yourself lor the moment at which to seize it. Roll two dicc l{ the total is the same as or less than your s(rr.r , turn to 55. lf the total is grelter thanyour s(lLI, tun) to zoz, You creep Ltp behind the fighting Hobgoblins .rnct, ieaping out of the shadoivs, push theminto the wall as you rtrn by. You look back to see them sprarvled on the floor and chu(klc to yourselfas you hurry on north, Turn to 11o, J56 There is an openinB on the leIt-hand stde of the funnel wall You are standin8 at the entrance of a large cavern, from which you hear a girl's voice crvrng for help You can just make out the shaPe oi a human figure rolling about on the floor at the back oI the cavern If you wish to enter lhe cavern and investigate, turt to 17o- lf you \a ould rather con tinue north aloig the tunnel, furn to 192 357-158 tt/ The Bloodbeast flops around awku,ardlyinits pool, and the smell of the poisonous fumes makes you retch as gas bubbles break the surface and conta inate the atmosphere Will yout Run round the side ofits pool towards the tunnel? Turn to 255 Throw a gem into its pool (ifyou have one)? Turn to 332 Attack it with your sword? Tum io 18o 358 You lose vorr balance and tumble headlong to the floor. Lose 2 srAt\,rrNA points Yolr decide against trying to clinb the idolagajn, nn(l rult fon{a1.d to the tunnel in the northern u'all Turn to 2i9. 359-60 159 You fall off the rope and tumble h€ad over heels into the chasm- You imash your head on a rocky outcrop, and by the time you hit the bottom of the chasm you are already dead. 360 After paying off the old man, you climb into the wicker basket and watch as he hlts his head back and shouts, 'Pull it up, Ivy!' The rope goes taut arrd the basket ris€s jerkily off the 8lound. As you are hauled higher and higher, the old man calls out to you, saying, 'You'll like Ivy, she's anice girl. We call her Poison I!yl' He stafts to laugh unconhollably and vou wonder somewhat apprehensively just who is haulingyou up. The basket goes through the ceiling and you find youFelf in a small chamber, face to face with an ugly old fernale TROLL. Her face is hairy and covered with warts. With a huge hand she reaches forward and hauls you out of the basket, which she then lets fall to the floor below. She grabs you round the throat and says in a husky voice, 'I want paying too!'Will you: Offer her something from your backpack? Try to talk your way out of givin8 he! anything? Attack herwith your sword? Tum lo 29t Turn to 328 Turn to 211 36a-36j 36r The lit Fiend's iaws snapat the monkey charm and pluck it oul of the air. Suddenly its jaws spring open again, forced apa by the charm, which has expanded to fill its mouth. While the prr Fiend with its massrve body. T.ft your Luck. lf you are Lucky, turn to 82, Ifyou are Unlucky, tum to 32. 362 Thelun-nel veers sharply to the right and (ontinues norlh ior ds far as you cdn see, You hear a tremendous commotion in the distance, growling and snarling and howling. You draw your sworJ and set off in the direction of the noise. Turn to 264. 353 The food and drinkare excellent, andyou feelmuch better. Add 2 sraMrNA points. Fully satis{ied, you sit down and await the Dwarf s retum. Tur.n to 3oz. 364 364 As you are wiping the Manticords blood from your sword, you are surprised to see a small man with a large nose suddenly jump out from behind one of the marble pilla$. He is dressed in a tighFfitting green tunic and looks quite harmless, althoughyou are wary o{ the way he is holding an opaque glass ball with a shimmering green light. 'Greetings,' he sayschee ully. 'Myname is Igbut the Gnome, and I am the Trialmaster for your final test, Needle6s to say, my magicalpowers are Ereat, so you should not try to attack me. You may have lealnt during your quest that gems play an essential part in the Trial of Champions. The iron door in front of you is the victory eit, but there is only one way of openingit. Three gems have tobeputinto the lock mechanism, in a particular order, for the door to open. Each gem radiates a unique energy which will trigger the mechanism - if you do it corectly, that is. I will help you to a degree, but first we need the coEect gems. Have you an emerald?' lf you possess an emerald, turn to 31. If you do not possess an emerald, turn to3 365-J66 165 You tell Thrcm that there is no point in killing the Dwarf as you will never find you! way out of the chamber alone. You ar8ue that an opportunity of tricking the DwarI might arise later, once you have found the exit from the chamber, so you intend togo throueh with the Dwarfs test. You tell the Dwarf that ybu are ready and he beckons you to follow him, telling Throm to wait for his return. A secret door opens in the chamber wall and you follow the Dwarf into a small circularroom. He closes the door behind you and hands you two bone dice, tellinS you to throw them on to the floor. You roll a sir and a two: a total of eight. The Dwarf asks you to roll them again, butthis time you must predict whether the total will be the same as, or less or more than eight- If you wish to guess that it will be the same, tum to 29o. lf you wish to guess that it will total less than eight, tuln to 191. If you wigh to guess that it will total more than eight, turn to 84. 366 The tempelature continues to rise steadily, far beyond the limits ofhuman tolerance. Lying on the near-molten floor of the funnel, you fail to regain consciousness. Your advenfure ends here. j67-j68 te7 He looks at you warily when you tell him you are a contestant in the Tlial of Champions. You ask him what he is doing in the tunnels, and he replies rather reluctarltly that he is a servant of one oi the Trialmasters, Baron Sukumvit's appointed controllers of sections of his dungeon. After chatting for a while, he admits thathewouldlike toescape, butno treasure is hidden. If you wish to pay for the old man's adyice, iurn to 244. lf you would rather just wish him weJl and continue west, tum to to9. 358 t€aning against the left-hand wall of the tunnel you wish to buy the stilts, tum to 165, lf you would rather keep walking north. tum to 2j4. 369-r70 169 The tunnel turns sharply to the righr, contintring east for as far as you can see. Throm stops alrd tells you to halt as well. He tums his head slowly from side lo side, listening 'l hedr footsteps coming down the tunnel towards us,'he whispers. 'Draw your sword.' You both crouch down to hide in the shadows, and not a minute too soon, for a moment later you see the silhouette of two armed figures approaching. Throm jumps up and dashes forward, screaming a loud battle-cry There are two CAVE TROLLS in front ofyou, Throm attacks the first one with his battleaxe, and you run to his ard and attack the second Cave Troll. CAVE TROLL sKrr-L io If you win, turn to 288. J70 As you run round the side of the pool, the Bloodbeast flicks out its long tongue once again. Roll two dice. If the total is the same as or less than yout SKILL score, tuln to 1o4. lf the total is greater than your sKILL score/ tuin to 342, STAMINA I1 374-372 37a You take aim and hurl the wooden ball at the skull. Roll two dice, If the number rolled is the same as or less than your sxllr score, tum to zZ3. If the num ber rolled is greater than your SKILL score, rutn ro aa3 You finally reach the wi#or,s body, but as soon as you touch the iewel, both it and the warior vanish into thin air. You hear the door slam behind vou. followed by a sudden ominous rumbling above you. You look up and see the ceiling start to lower. you run [o the door to tr]r to escape, but it i9 locked and there is no handle on the inside, The ceiling gradually drops, until you are forced to lie on the ground, trying to halt the ceiling's progtess with your hands and feet. Bul it is a hopeless task, and you are crushed to death in the stone vice. 373-174 You clamber on to the softboulder, halfexPecting to be engulfed by it at any moment. Getting over it is drfficult, as your limbs sink into its soft casing, but evenfuallyyou manage to struggle over it. Relieved to be back on firm ground, you head east. Tum to 374 You walk around the cavern, but find nothing of interest. Thromaallsoutbehindyou, sayingthathe has found a leather pouch undet a pile of rocks. Opening the pouch he laughs out loud as a tiny mouse runs throughhis fingers and scurriesoffinto a cievice between two boulders. Suddenlyyou hear the sound of ctacking rock above you. and look uP to see stalactltes breaking ofl the roof. Throm's booming laugh, which still echoes through the chamber, has made the stalacLites vibrate and break off. You Jrell at Throm to run through the atchwayas the stalactites start to crash to the floor. fesl yotrl Luck. lI you are Lucky, tum to 118. If vou are Unlucky, turn to 295. 375-377 Acrid smoke rises ftom the jug as you lower the cloth into it. The liquid is unmistakably acid. You recork thejugand place it in yourbackpack, hoping it may be of use later. You sheathe vour s\4'orcl ancl press on northwards, Turn to 11o. J76 The Gnome, still smjling, says excitedly, 'Excellentl tust one to go. Do you possess a diamond?' If you have {ound a diamond, turn to 62. If you have not found a dlamond, turn to 3. 377 The huge beast slams its body againstyour arm, and you lose your grip on the rope. Crying out in pain, you tumble to the bottom ofthe pit- Lose 5 5 raMrNA points. Ifyou are still alive, turn to 2o3. 378-79 J7E Somewhat nervously, you take a deep breath and drve lllto the dark pool. The northem \^'all does not project \,ery far beneath the surface o{ the h'ater, and vou decide to take the risk and si!'im under it You soon start gasping for air, and are forced to swim upwards YoLL try not to think thatvoumavbe trapped in an old submerged tunnel and are very relieved when yoLL sLlrface rnto cool air. You are on the other side of the wall, and can see the tunnel rising out of the water ancl continuing north into ihe distance. You wade out of the water and check the contents o{your wet backpack. l'es,yoalLr.k Ifyou are Lucky, turn to 1r2. If you are Unlucky, turn to 209 379 Exhaustcd b)r vour lonS!duel, I'ou iall to your knees. As vou stare at Throm's still tody, a bitter loathing for tl,e Du,arf fills your heart. Somehou,you wilJ avenge Throm Engulfed invourhatred, voudonot notice the Dh'arf enter the arena until he is standing riEiht in front oi yoLl, a loadcd crossbo\,!' almed at vour chest. 'l know, whdt vo11 are thinking,' he savs calmly,'but remember that only I know the way out of here Get up, it's time for you to leave.'Once on your feet, the Dwarfindicates that you should walk ahead of him. Back in the chamber, he crosses over to the northern n'all and pushes against one of tts stones. A door-like section of the .!\,all svr.ings out, opening into another crystal,lit hrnnel. With his crossbow slill aimed at your chest, the Dwarf smiles, saying, 'Cood luck.' If you wish to walk straight into the tunnel, tuin to 213. I{ you would tather take a punch at the Dwarf, turn to q5. 380 the Orc's moming starcrashes into your shield and bounces offharmlessly. The tunnel is too narrow for both ofthem toattackyou al once, so vou are able to fight them one at a time. l8o Fust ORC Second ORC If you tfin, turn to 252. SXILL STAMTNA 55 64 I 381-3E3 381 You look round th e room and see nothing of interest apart from an alcove in the west wall and a stone chair in the middle of th€ room. Sitting in the chaii is the skeleton ofan armed wardor, possibly a contestant from years gone by. The skeletal fingers of its ri8ht hand are gripped round a piece of parchment. Ifyou wish to take the parchment from theskeleton, turn to 331. If you wotrld rather walk over to the alcove, tum to 128 ' 1t2 The old man points at one of the statues, and you recognize it immediately. lt is the knight who started the Trial of Champions, the agonized look on his face lockedin stone foretemity, The old man smiles, saying, 'This man riveighs roo pounds plus half his weight. How much does he weigh?' What u.ill ydu answer? roo pounds? 15O POundS? zoo pounds? Turn to 44 Tum to 222 Tum to 39t 383 Much to your surprise, nothing extraordinary happens to you while you are sitting in the chair. There is nothing else to do but continue north up the funnel. Turn to rBE. 384-JEs 384 The fourth step suddenly gives way under your weight. Your leg sinks into a deep hole, and before you have time to pull it out, you feel a pain in your foot as unseen sharp teeth sink into it. The highpitched squeakingyouhearbelowisbeingmadeby rats. They are staNed, and dp into your foot, hungry for your flesh. Lose 2 srAMrNA points. You regainyour balance and manage to pull your leg out of the hole. Three rats are sLill hanging on to your {oot with theirteeth. Kicking frantrcally, you smash their heads against the banister until they let go. You then wrap crude bandages torn fromyour shirt around your bleeding foot and climb the steps to set offnorth again. Turn to 277. 385 You pour the contents of the glass phial into your mouth and swallow the dear hquid. Although you do not leel any immediate change, you hope that the potion will creaLe the illusion that you are a TROGLODYTE just like the ones in front of you. Taking a deep breath, you step boldly into the cavern The Troglodytes continue theirdbaldance, believing you tobe one o{them. Youwalk past Lhem casually and head north UnJortunately, the ef{ects o{ the potion are short-1ived. Suddenly you hear a shriek behind you as one of the Troglodytes spots you, and you are forced to run across the cavern floor. A herd 1ou 'ee an underground river running east to west through the cavern and a wooden 346187 bridge crossing over it. lf you wish to run over the bridge, tum to 3r8. Ifyou wish to dive into the dver, IUrn to 47. 186 You walk no more than three metres west before you hit an invisible barrier. lt starts fizzing and crackling, and you are thrownback. You have hit an energy screen. Lose r srevwe point There is no alternative but to walk back to the junction and head north. Turn to 218. 387 Ahead you hear the thud of heavy footsteps approdchin8. Out of lhe Eloom slep5 d large, primitive being dressed in animal hide and carrying a stone club. On seeing you, he grunts and spits on the floor, then raises his club and lumbers on towards you, lookrng anything but friendly. You draw your sword and prepare to fight the CAVENIAN. CAVEMAN sKlLL 7 STAMINA 7 Ifyou win, turn to 114. 388-39o 388 The tunnel soon comes to a dead end. A piece ol paper, brown and curled with age, is pinned to the end wall, lf you wish to pull it ofl the wall to see whethcr there is a message r\rritten on it, tum to 23. If you would rather hurry back down the tunnel to join the Barba an, turn to 154- 389 Without your weapons you are more vulnerable, and the loss ofyoursword leaves you feelingalmost naked. Losc 4 sKrLL points. Wondering whether you have made the right decision, you follo$' the iunnel north. Tum to 181. t90 You crotrch don'n beside the plinth below thecrossborvs'line o[fire. You reach LLp and pullthe skul] off the plinth, expecting your action to trig8er off the crossbows Much to vour surPrise, nothing happens. Add 1 LUCK point Still croLrching, you pluck the jewelled eyes out ofthe skull. You recognize the yellow stunes a5 lopaz. dnd place thcm in your backpack. Looking at the row of crossbows, you wonder whether a trap still awaits vou in this room. Will you: Crawl out of the room holding the skull? Turn lo 15 Replace the skull on the plinth before crawling out of the toom? Turn to 2o4 394-392 194 Still smiling, the old man looks at you and says, 'Well done, Stranger. You have answered correcily. I wish you good fortune during the rest of the Trial and rucr scores. You bid the old man farewelland leave his room to continue north along the passage Turn to 1oo. 392 ABC ?93-394 193 You enter a cold room divided by a deep chasm. A rope is stretched taut across the chasm to the far side, where a magrrificent winged helmet rests on top of a pole. lf you wish to walk across the tightrope to reach the helmet/ turn to 274. If you would rather return to the tunnel to continue north. furn to 2q7,, 194 You smash the glass with the hilt of your sword, making a hole big enough to climb through. lmmediately the Giant Insects 6iart swarming and jumping towards you. Wasting no time, you clamber into the room, grabbing one of the lit torches to defend vourself. The 6re keeDs most of the Insects at bay, but by the time you have snatched the crown and climbed back into the corridor, some will certainlv have stung you. Roll one die and add 2 to the total. This is the numberofstings you h:rve suffered and you must reduce yout SIAMTNA by 1 for each sting. The Giant Insects do not chase you, pteferring the bright light of the room they are in. You examine the crown, and s€e with disgust that lt is merely painted r!on, and the'diamond'is just glass andtotally worthless. You throw iton the groundin a rage and wonder which way to go next If you \^.ish to head west, turh to 59 If you would rather retum to the iunction to head north, tum to q. 195-96 395 On hearing the noise of your scabbard, one of the Troglodytes raises the alarm You stand up and run as fast as you can throu8h the cavern. One of their bowmen let. fly an arrow dF yru run. It pierces your shoulder with deadly accuracy Lose I srAMrNA points. Ifyou are still alive, turnto259. 396 You make the rope into a lasso, whirl it above your headand throw it at the idol's head, smilinghappily as it falls around its neck. You then tighten lhe noose and start to climb, hauling yourself up the rope. You are soon at the top of the idol, sitting on the bridge of its nose and holding on to the rope. You draw your sword and wonder which jewelled €ye to pdse out first. Ifyou wish to plise out the left eye/ turn to 151. If you wish to prise out the right eYe/ lurn to 34, 397-98 397 The liquid is a magical potion which will enable you to detecl hidden traps. Add 2 LUc( pointc. If you have not done so dlready, you may open the red book - tum to 52 , otherwise, you must continue north with Throm tuln to 369. 396 Although you cannotsee anyvisible trap, youhave a strong feeling that the chest contains a hidden danger. The Potion of Trap Detection is working well. \ ou sLrnd to one side of the chest and lift thi lid with your sword, holdinB it at arm's lenBth. As the Lid ri5es, an iron ball hanging on a cord .wings back and breaks.r glasscapsule tired inside the lid, instantlyreleasing a gas. Fortunately, you have time to iump back wilhout inhaling the poisonous fumes. Once the gas has cleared, you walk back to thechestandlookinsideit. Thereisapendantchain Iying in the bottom, but somebody has taken the slone ftom its setting. You feel so annoyed that you throw the chain on to the floor and storm out of the room up the funnel. Tum to 21o. 399-400 to head north. Turn to 192. Dungeon. Morc Fiih!i119 Fo,toslt ilPtt'lins 1 THE WARLOCK OF FIRETOP MOUNTAIN Ste?e lack nn and lnii Lit iitsstone Dcpp ir thF cr\c,,'- ocne:lh lh, lhreilen,nS , r.rgs ^l L ,rcp Vuu r.,n i pow.rf-l w"rl. ck li\c.. tsuJrd rg i tr.q of lrtsd-ur. or (.' thr .un^,,r g,r(-. spveril idv.niur€rs like r_ourscf have set off for Firetop Mountain, but none has r€turncd Do vou darc to follow (hem? Who kno{,s what teno^ you 'nav fiDdl 2 TIIE FOREST OF DOOM ldtt Lt-,titsstoIr Only the foolha.dy would risk an encounter with lhe unknown penk thailulk in the murky depths ofDarku'ood forest Yct tfere is no nltemativc, for vour qucst is ndesperatc race agaDst tine to fifd thc mjssnlgpieccs of the legcnddry Hamtu.r oi Stoncbridse fashioned bv Dlvar fs toprotect thc villngec of Stonebridge igninst theirincietrt 1 IHt l.I TA D I:L OI'CHAO> stftt'id.rsd,' Yo! are the siar p(pil of thc Grand Wizard of Yore and yoDr mission is to ventu.e into the dark, dmm laden tower of the demi-solcerer, Balthus Drft. Risking dt.th ai e!er! tu of fhc pas$ge, w,li vou trc lble to ovcrcome thc sjx-leadcd H.r'dra, t lc pe.il of thc ].lhino man and llre dendly And mvsteriofs Canjees? With only vour sword and your ma$.il skills tu aid you, your task is trulv 4. STARSHIP TRAV ELLER St!\'c lackson 5uLl€d throueh l\p dopdl'inq nrshhnrc of lle S€ltsiJn Vord the st!r'hip l r.,v(litr em;rgei, rt the.rhcr \idc uf thr blacl hote into an unknown umverse. YOU are thecaPtain of the T.aveller and het fate lies in Your hands Will you be able to discovei the t'.ry back to Earth ftom the alien pFoplc,.lnd pl,rr.l- vou L'nruuniet orwrll you Indyour . reri ue doomed ro ro rm r-ra' hJrtcd <Fa(. lurr\ erl 5. CITY OF THIEVES IM Lil,itlqsL,r,tr Teirorstalks the nightasZanbarBoncand his blooll ihirs t) Moon Dogs hold ihe prospcrous krwn of Silvcrton to r.nsnm. YOU are an advcntulet nnd the merchants ol Srlverton turn to lou in their hou. of nced Your mission takes vou alon,a-dark, tE'isting strccts \vhcre thieves' lrgab6nds and creatures of lhc niSht lie in (ait to traP the unwAry travellcr 7 ISLAND OF THE LIZARD KINC lan Lifitllrtott magrc and voodoo Will yod risk all in in attenPt io savc F lC llTI^-c FA NTASY Si.i,c /n.inr, Now YOU can cre.,te your oBn liighting lanhsy advcntures and send !ou. fiiends olf on danscmus nissions! In this clc.rlv writtcn handbook, Sleve lackson has put bscther cverything you need to l.econe a succesirrt r.rnrc,\4.rp, lhcre Jr. -i.t' nr d.\:.inB rhJttc.rgils ionrbir-. mo1\r(rr r. .\' 'ri,ls rnLl rrr.i. ,r. i(l- .E two mini ddycnturcs complcte with GamesMastcis nores tor you to start rviih- The rdc.rl introdudion kr thc fa5rB,.ihrA \-,ld of rrl. olivrnq ;,rmp\ ,IJ trl.r, \ .nurllh-ss id\ eDtures